I'd been meaning to go to the Prague forever, but somehow was never in the mood for Central European comfort food when in the Queen W. neighbourhood. Until yesterday, when I had dinner plans with my pal JN, who - like me - is a veteran of Mitteleuropa.\r\n\r\nWe got there about quarter past six, to find out that the place closes at seven - so a long catch-up over dinner was pretty much out. The menu is full of Czech stand-bys such as svickov\xc3\xa1 (beef in creamy sauce), fried cheese, roast pork, sauerkraut, etc. - all very authentic. So far so good.\r\n\r\nWe both ordered the smoked salmon appetizer - house-smoked salmon was excellent, a good start to the meal.\r\n\r\nAnd then we got our mains. Both the svickov\xc3\xa1 and the blood sausage with potatoes and sauerkraut were bland, bland, bland. Liberal application of Czech mustard helped my blood sausage a bit... But we both agreed that on the scale of post-communist Central European development, our dinner was somewhere around 1995. Better than 1989... but not up to snuff by today's standards.\r\n\r\nSadly, by the time we got to dessert, the kitchen was closed and they couldn't make palacinky - stuffed crepes. And my vanilla-custard-filled Czech donut was... well, I only ate half, and I never leave dessert unfinished.\r\n\r\nSo why does the Prague get three stars and not two? The service was friendly and warm - indeed, delightful. They let us stay long past closing as they cleaned up.  And the Slovak beer was excellent.  I'd seen all the good reviews for this place so I figured I'd give it a try. We both ordered the schnitzel. We were immediately disappointed when we saw her put the food in a MICROWAVE. Sorry, but schnitzel's should be fried to order, not pre-fried and reheated. In fact, any restaurant that microwaves their food is ripping you off. Because of this, the schnitzel was chewy and the skin was soft and kind of soggy. This place looks like a good grocery store, especially if you're looking for harder-to-find European foods, but I certainly won't be dining there ever again.  THIS RESTAURANT HAS CLOSED\r\n\r\nUnfortunately the renovations did not go over well. I truly wish they would've left it alone. Now the original place that was a special spot in the neighbourhood is gone forever. \r\n\r\nhttp:\\/\\/www.torontolife.com\\/daily\\/daily-dish\\/deathwatch\\/2013\\/01\\/21\\/prague-european-kitchen-closes\\/  I come in here a lot to hit their takeout counter. really good assortment of sandwhiches and Czech pastries\\/takehomes. Don't expect a smile from the person making your delicio food tho.  Nice little deli\\/cafe with character. It's not just about the food here. It's about the experience, the feeling of escaping the city and perhaps even traveling to some Eastern European countries....\r\n\r\nI have been there a couple of times on the weekends. It's always extremely busy so the service is a bit chancy... You might get a good host\\/hostess :) or you might not :s\r\n\r\nThis time I took my friend from Montreal to check this place out. She  absolutely loved this place. We ordered the Prague burger and grilled Moravian sausage. Boy, they were delicious and reasonably priced!!!\r\nTo top it off, our hostess (a really nice young lady) suggested the palacinky (pancake) with ice cream and melted chocolate.... Yummmm !!!\r\n\r\nNeedless to say I love this place, maybe more on the weekdays to avoid lineups and rude hosts\\/hostesses...  Not a Czech restaurant anymore. None of the dishes have any resemblance to any actual traditional Czech food. The quality of the food is fine I guess, but a bit disappointing for someone looking for a Czech dish. Nothing special at all.\r\n\r\nBased on the previous reviews the original Prague Restaurant must have been a jewel for decades! It really is a pity, that the concept was so drastically changed with the new owner.  Incredible schnitzel and absolutely delicious smoked salmon. I love the mix between a grocery store and restaurant. \r\n\r\nworth Czech-ing out ;)  The Prague is located among the countless other restaurants, galleries and cafes that litter the street on Queen West. I chose this place at random, based on the name and interesting advertising. I was very thrilled to find that the food was not only delicious and affordable but the service was exceptional. The Prague has a great atmosphere that is very spacious and artsy. The menu offers an array of food that is exotic and elaborate, leaving you baffled with variety. \r\n\r\nMaybe its just the Canadian mentality, or maybe I am just used to angry and rude Philadelphians, but our waiter was unusually nice and helpful. He took the time to draw a map and give us multiple suggestions on where to eat for dinner, sites to visit and bars to check out. He also took the time to crack jokes and give us the name and # of friends he had in the restaurant business who he claimed would hook us up if we mentioned his name. This type of hospitality is strange to me but I have to admit I like it. Ohhhhhhh Canadaaaaaa!!!!!!!  Went there for a Sunday brunch. Should have taken cabbage, perhaps. Ended up with common sandwiches, salmon or chicken schnitzel. Nothing exceptional. 2.5. \r\n\r\nStaff is OK and quite nice. Place gets easily too noisy.  Came here for brunch. Server was really friendly and the food was great. I recommend the Czech-Break it was delicious! Toilets were nice & clean too, always a good sign  Very lovely local atmosphere, good service, Nice bakery and pastry sections with delicious cakes... As main course for dinner, we had Chicken and veggie Schnitzels, delicious but nothing very special. \r\n\r\nI will definitely come back for Brunch and update my review then.  I don't know what my attraction is to hearty, rib-sticking Eastern European food is; it can't be very good for me but I still get cravings. Prague is at its best with its soups, its goulashes .... and, more than ANYTHING else, their potato dumplings stuffed with smoked meat, covered with crispy bacon bits and served with red cabbage on the side. The dumplings are a special that's offered once every week or two. Can't miss with the perogies and the palacinky either. \r\n\r\nWhile I love the energy and vibe of Queen West, amidst all the wonderful hipster joints, I really love that there's an oasis of old-world comfort like The Prague  Went to this nice and homie place with great expectation. I wasn't disappointed. Take out food available as well. Fairly priced. Will be back  Bumbling around Queen W and have a hankering for some comfort food. Pierogies? Heck yes that hits the spot! How could it not? Potatoes, cheese, sour cream? Those are the three basic comfort food groups. Throw in bacon and you are 5 star bound.\r\n\r\nHad a lovely pierogi lunch to go from here, and enjoyed the Eastern European deli feel as I waited. The person I was with got a sausage sandwich that looked equally good,  but once we got to the park we were both so fixated on our food that we didn't even have a chance to try each others. Enter food coma and slow waddle home. \r\n\r\nMUST MENTION: Inside had a lovely feel, if it weren't so nice out I would have gladly stayed and had that sweet lady dote on me. Total Grandma envy. \r\n\r\nKUDOS: For being generous with the sour cream. \r\n\r\nWILL RETURN FOR: Some random Czech groceries I've never seen before.  I love this place in the winter time - If you are in the mood for something on the hearty side, their stroganoff and chicken paprika are to die for (go for the potatoes instead of the dumplings when given the choice, although they are pretty nice in letting you have half of each).  Their perogies are quite tasty as well, but a little on the greasy side.  In the summer, go with one of their sandwiches and sit at the store front.  A nice beer and some people watching in Queen West is a great way to spend the lunch hour.  Had breakfast on a saturday before heading off to the library. Omelette was amazing. Salmon was extremely good. Waitress was very friendly and nice. We ordered two main dishes, a side dish and two coffees for $34. For that great food, i was easily willing to pay 50. A place I will definitely come back to  Prague is always one of my favourite places to go for a bacon-and-eggs breakfast in Toronto, and I've spent countless hours sitting at the counter by the window, alone, drinking coffee, eating my breakfast (although, to be fair, it's usually afternoon), and reading books.\r\nThis is a family-owned business which, if the photos on the walls tell the correct story, seems to have been a butcher shop originally. Now they're a restaurant, bakery, and small grocer - you can pick up items ilke Eastern European chocolate bars, bags of perogies to take home, and even homemade plum preserves, delicious on buttered toast. \r\nPrague's menu, in addition to the all day breakfast, has traditional items like pork roast with dumplings; they also make a killer eggplant schnitzel and if you've got room for dessert, do not miss the strawberry dumplings topped with quark cheese - they're absolutely heavenly.  Had an excellent schnitzel sandwich here. A lot of options in terms of buns\\/toppings (get sauerkraut) and a very reasonable price point (about 7 or 8 bucks). Unlike the breaded veal you'll get at Italian places around the city, the meat here is much denser and less reliant on the fried exterior. \r\n\r\nService was prompt, goulash and bread puddings were both enjoyable and although didn't try it - the Czech allday breakfast with Kielbasa, dumplings, and eggs looked wicked.\r\n\r\nCzech-please!\r\n\r\nGreat lunch spot.  Never been here before. We were headed to Terroni (gluttons for punishments) but I wanted to duck inside and see what this place was all about.\r\n\r\nThe service was haphazard, but I suppose friendly.  The server told us it was her third shift.  She kept forgetting what we had ordered, as she had "only two hours sleep".  Only two other tables in the place, and I\'m pretty sure the couple in the window were the server\'s friends.  My dining companion ordered pork schnitzel, and she gave him a pork schnitzel sandwich -- he had wanted just regular pork schnitzel.  He didn\'t say anything to correct it though (and I\'m not one to pipe in on behalf of someone else in that situation).  \r\n\r\nI did really like the appetizer perogies - hot, fresh, and delicious.  However, they took 45 minutes to come out.  Yes, you read that right.  Maybe Terroni\'s isn\'t such an insane choice after all....  In addition to a bewildering array of Eastern European ingredients, deli items, and prepared foods, the Emporium serves up a refreshingly different selection of Czech brunch dishes in its small dining area -- a welcome alternative to two-egg breakfasts, waffles, and omelettes.\r\n\r\nMy recent breakfast here was one of the most memorable meals I've had in Toronto in quite some time.  I wouldn't describe me as a breakfast fan, since I find that most affordable brunch places are much of a much, but the Emporium sets itself apart with its varied menu, pleasant service, and careful execution, all at a very reasonable price.\r\n\r\nThe Czech-break, a mix of kielbasa, bread dumpling, and eggs, was lightly seasoned and, despite its meat-and-starch base, not stomach-leadening.  The kielbasa was delicious and the chunks of bread dumpling were the right texture, neither chewy nor gluey.\r\n\r\nMy favourite, though, was the palacinky (crepe) stuffed with fruit and topped with yogurt and blueberry compote.  Very much on the lighter side of crepe dishes, and a far cry from the typical sweet-on-sweet combo of syrupy fruit topping smothered in whipped cream.  The combination of tart yogurt and pleasant natural sweetness of the fresh fruit was refreshing.\r\n\r\nOur server was friendly, funny, polite, and swift.  I really couldn't have asked for a better experience and it is nice to see an established restaurant that is still putting in a strong effort to please and attract new customers.  Well done!  I can't wait to try their lunches and prepared deli items.  We live in Mississauga but every weekend we drive in just to have lunch there. Food is excellent. Service is great. Worth the drive.  Just had another fabulous meal there!!!  Tripe Soup, Wiener Schnitzel, Liver Pudding, and the pastries are amazing!!  Everything done on premises.  The best part, they have frozen food goodness to take home!!!  Sadly, upon my return to Prague things have changed.. \r\n\r\nIt was dead quiet in the middle of the week at lunch time which is unheard of at Prague. We were seated immediately (which was nice).. all three of us ordered the all day breakfast, each with our eggs cooked differently. Needless to say, all of the eggs came out over-hard, which none of us had ordered. We were all a little too shy to say anything but the waitress could tell something was up. She offered to change our eggs (which was really nice) but we were hungry and in a rush so refused. The rest of the food wasn't great either- toast was cold, potatoes were really salty and the kiabasa (sp?) sausage was hard. Luckily we had ordered a side Czech potato salad which was delicious as per usual.. we devoured it!\r\n\r\nI usually crave Prague when I am away and insist on having it upon my returns to Toronto.. may have to find somewhere new :(  When I come back from traveling abroad I ease the sad but inevitable transition of returning home by enjoying breakfast at Prague -- a little piece of Europe right on Queen St.\r\n\r\nPrague offers up traditional Eastern European Fare from Chicken Paprikesh - chicken sauteed in a creamy smoked paprika sauce - to a variety of savory or sweet crepes, to Kielbasa and eggs.  \r\n\r\nThe staff is not a bunch of built boys and bodacious babes.  Rather the place is housed by real women, middle aged and staunchly middle Eastern.  The food is excellent and the place is fun.  My one complaint is they clearly did a face lift to the joint a few years back and I never got to see it in its original glory.  Oh well can't have everything.  Never again! I have been visiting this place regularly for over 20 years, although only every couple months since I don't live in Toronto directly. But I have made sure that I go there every time I am in town. If you are looking for traditional Czech food then forget it! Menu has been reduced and transformed to something that has a very little resemblance to traditional food Czechoslovakians crave. Staple dishes like svickova or vepro-knedlo-zelo are gone forever. This place just became one of hundreds of boring places all over the city that have nothing special about them. They should rename place to something else, calling it Prague is deceiving...  This review is based on the new ownership and if you were recently given a gift certificate.\r\n\r\nWhile I had heard rumblings of new management at Prague for sometime (It was said on message boards they were trying to sell the business) I didn't think it was a done deal because the name remains the same.  However, when we tried to use a gift certificate that was given to us we were told by the new owner that he did not authorize the sale of these gift certificates and it would come out of his pocket directly.\r\n\r\nHe tried to tell me that the name has changed a bit but that's besides the point.  The actual signage still says Prague and you retain the fixtures and setup.  In the very least he should absorb the costs as what happens when you buy an existing business.\r\n\r\nI won't be back for sure.  Everything was bland.  There so-called fresh squeezed orange juice, didn't taste fresh.  Their ice cream tasted cheap; definitely not home-made.  Their perogies were bland; I can make better ones at home by opening a bag I bought at No Frills.  Their goulash was bland as well.  The waitress was friendly.    Decor was of the routine modern genre.  I went here for perogies the other day. Just perogies. I could have eaten all day. They were amazing. \r\n \r\nThe shop is rather small and it makes it cute and cozy. They took care of all 13 of us...who just came because we heard the perogies were good. Several plates of perogies and 89 cent pops later, we came out happy and satisfied. \r\n\r\nNow I can say I've been to Prague...and THE Prague. \r\n;)  The food was great, but the service was completely awful. We arrived to a half full restaurant for brunch, and ended up waiting 45 minutes for our food, while every other table that was seated after us was served. When our food finally arrived, one of the orders was completely wrong, and took another half an hour to cone out. The staff was totally unapologetic, and different waiters kept implying we should be leaving while waiting for the corrected order.\r\n\r\nAll in all, the food was good, but not good enough to warrant spending two hours sitting in a deli.  Heard a lot of this place, so decided to check it out on a Friday night. We got there around 7pm, the place was barely empty. We went ahead and order perogies, goulash and cabbage rolls. Although fresh, the perogies did not stand out very much. The Goulash was lacking any flavour. However, the cabbage rolls were somewhat flavourful and hearty. \r\nWe decided to try our luck at Hungarian crepe with hazelnut, which was not bad. \r\nOverall, I was expecting more from this staple establishment.  Nice place, if a bit uncomfortable, the food was pretty good. Will go back for a tour at some time. The Blood Orange IPA is very moorish. Cheers  Great local craft beers friendly staff and the food is pretty good. This is exactly the type of place the West side is missing. Can't beat leaving here with a growler to go!  Amazing personalized service! I LOVE Dubina and hope it sticks around for a long long time!!!!!!  I think they need a few more production runs to work the kinks out of their process. They have pretty cool ideas that tend to be executed poorly. Some of the worst beers I've ever had were at dubina. I'm not sure why they are willing to ruin their reputation by selling beers that came out horrible. A barleywine with 1.050+FG is disgusting. \r\n\r\nThe only reason they're getting 2 stars is because it is nice to have a microbrewery presence in glendale.  Went with a friend to watch some college football... Loved it! Great vibe, great staff, and great beer. I ordered a flight to sample some different of beers (it was way more beer than I expected, for only $7), loved the IPA, loved the Pumpkin Ale, big fan of the Pale Ale.  I'm not a coffee guy, so that one missed the mark for me, and I found out I am definitely not into sours.  \r\n\r\nOverall, I can't wait to go back.  They said they're about to expand the kitchen, which will make it even easier for me to stay even longer.  Couldn't recommend the place enough.  Great people, and the food is ok. I need to go back and experience since the equipment upgrade, but the beer has been lackluster. The IPA was a solid choice, but the last time that I was in the bartender served me a glass of yeast. Literally. Offered to try to clear it up, was unable to, and ultimately acted like I was out of line for a glass full of trub. Cloudy would have been an improvement. \r\n\r\nI'll be back, and update my comments accordingly.  10\\/10\\/17: came in for taco Tuesday with the wife. They have a couple of dark beers we like still on tap and the tacos looked decent. \r\n\r\nterrible service as always. Only 4 tables occupied.  We were the 4th table. Tacos came out cold. Tortillas were like cardboard. How do you mess up heating up a tortilla?  The meat was decent and the salsa helped washed down the dryness of the tortilla. Overall...taco Tuesday was a bust here. $2 is a great price for the tacos but I rather pay$3-$4 for something that would have me begging for more. \r\n\r\nMy wife would rather not even come to this place anymore.  I still enjoy the beers, but it's getting harder to convince her with the consistent let down of service and food.  A great deal of what Dubina brings to the table has great intentions, but so much of the execution is off the mark, its hard to find a lot of redeeming qualities to bring me back.  The west valley absolutely has the capacity for more great locally based microbreweries and Dubina conceptually should fill that need beautifully.  And its not just for the sake of good beer offerings, but this is the probably the only restaurant I've seen in the Phoenix metro advertising a Czech emphasis.  The small collective of brewers who opened this place did so thanks to the confidence of those who funded their Kickstarter campaign.  Perhaps overtime they'll be able to improve upon their business model, but thusfar there's a lot of improvement needed.\r\n\r\nI came here with some co-workers and friends after work on a Tuesday.  The first thing that's off about this place is the location.  Its located in the back corner of strip center which happens to be tucked behind another strip center on 67th Ave just north of Bell.  It would be super easy to pass this place by as there's virtually no street visibility and even when you arrive the signage is tough to make out.  I can forgive such an inconvenience if the rest of the experience is decent.  When I walked in however, the interior was equally puzzling.  It's a fairly large, dimly lit, expansive space with seating for probably at least 50 people, but in a space that was probably meant for closer to 80.  There was maybe a half dozen people there when we showed up for happy hour around 5pm and didn't get any busier the rest of the time we were there.  It seems like the owners couldn't quite decide if they want this space to be a brewery, a sports bar or a sit down restaurant.  There's a way to balance each of these objectives, but the oddly positioned TVs, wide open spaces, and quiet vibe inside leaves one feeling a bit confused about what they're going for.\r\n\r\nWhen we showed up they had 5 different brews of theirs available that day.  They had a pair of IPAs (a dark and a regular), a hefeweizen, a pale ale, and a brown ale.  They offered those individually or as a 5 beer flight (I got the flight).  In reading reader reviews, it seems like the soft pretzel and ultimate grilled cheese were favorite dishes of regulars so I went with those.  Total price for all of these items including tax, tip and a 10% happy hour discount on the flight and pretzel came to about $20.  \r\n\r\nFirst off, the beers.  I'm not a huge IPA guy, but their regular IPA was pretty decent.  Not overly hoppy, but enough bitterness to remind you it was an IPA.  The dark IPA tasted much more like a stout than an IPA.  Not bad, just a little unexpected.  The Hefeweizen was pretty much like most hefeweizens I've had.  Good, but indistinguishable.  The pale ale was also somewhat average and I was actually a little disappointed in the texture of the brown ale.  I usually like ales, but this one just didn't agree with me.  On the food side, I know they're only now starting to expand their menu offerings, but I was very disappointed with what I got for the money I paid.  The soft pretzel was decent and the accompanying spicy cheese sauce was a nice touch, but honestly it was just a salty pretzel.  Not sure what folks were so excited about.  As for my main course, when you call something the ULTIMATE grilled cheese, you better mean it.  Sadly, I don't feel this lived up to the hype.  The three cheese blend was fairly tasty, but honestly I was hoping for a whole lot more cheese than I got.  \r\n\r\nOn the plus side, our waitress Sydney was friendly with us and for the most part was attentive to our table (save for a long wait for our bills).  I don't enjoy giving such negative reviews and generally look for the most redeeming features of any business I patronize.  But there was just too many red flags for me to overlook with this place.  I wish Dubina had chosen a smaller location with more street visibility as those two things would solve a couple of big problems aesthetically.  But in lieu of that, they really need to kick up their food menu a notch.  I get that not all of their favorite beers will be on rotation everyday, but the food menu should at least have enough great offerings that can draw folks on a regular basis.  And how about serving true Czech food?  I have no idea what that entails, but it would seem to follow the theme that helped launch their brewery in the first place.  I hope Dubina does improve overtime and eventually becomes the brewery the west valley wants (even needs).  But until some big changes come about, I won't be venturing here for awhile.  Two visits and both times the sever\\/bartender treated us like a burden and the service was slow as well.  Get some employees that want to be there and your sales will increase, but treat customers like a burden and they will go to Peoria Artisan or Rock Bottom or Richter Aleworks or maybe even Oggi's.  Best fish-n-chips that I've ever had... anywhere! And I absolutely love the Maple Ale! Try the fried pickles! They're phenomenal!  Family owned, great atmosphere, excellent food, and exceptional craft brews. I come here often and have never had a single bad experience. They also host work parties, retirement parties, etc. with a reservation and are very accommodating. Very Police\\/Military friendly establishment. \r\n\r\nTheir wings are EXCELLENT.\r\n\r\nThe blood orange IPA is EXCELLENT.\r\n\r\nAll of their seasonal craft beers are amazing as well. Most of them are small batch so you gotta get them while the getting is good.  Great to have a local brewery over in Peoria\\/north Glendale area! Tried a flight, all were good to very good, none bad, none amazing. Pretzel was a bit greasy but fries were tasty. Atmosphere leaves something to be desired. But good friendly local place, will go again.  If you like beer... drink beer here. Its like getting punched with an eagle fist in the mouth, but in a good way.  Eh....not too impressed.  We needed somewhere to go after the Padre game, so we looked up breweries\\/brew pubs on Yelp, and this place popped up.  It was pretty close to the Peoria stadium, so we headed on over.  We walked in, grabbed a table, and placed our order.  Me and my buddy went with a small garlic fries, and he ordered a flight of beers.  Here is how they were.........\r\n\r\nGarlic Fries-  Meh.  The fries themselves were good, but then the garlic they use was bad.  It was cold, and tasted very "wet" and "vinegary".  It just wasn\'t good at all.  We had to pick around all the garlic to enjoy the fries.\r\n\r\nBeer Flight-  My buddy ordered 5 beers.  He only liked one of them.  He flat out couldn\'t drink one of them, and had to choke down 3 of the other 4.  They had a "smokey" type beer that was absolutely horrid.  I took a swig and almost instantly spit it up. It tasted like drinking a beer with a cigar ash in it.  It was disgusting! I don\'t know how they could serve that and who in their right mind would enjoy that.  They also had a maple type beer.  Tasted like maple syrup which was very weird.  My buddy said it wasn\'t the worst brewery he has been to, but it was up there. \r\n\r\nService was friendly, and the owner came around and introduced herself and welcomed us etc.  That was a nice touch.  Sadly though, the fries and beer were sub par so I would probably never come back.  I do hope they succeed though...its family run and owned and the place was pretty full while we were there.  Someone must like it, right?  Sadly, it just wasn\'t us :-(  Best brewery in NW Phoenix. Absolutely. If you like craft beer this place just rocks. Can't decide if the IPA or IPL is better. Both high end. Brats, wings, burgers I tried all excellent per price. Great staff, love this place. Growlers A1.  We were so disappointed today when we arrived at Dubina. We walked in and picked a seat near the bar at the long top table. Both waitresses made eye contact with us several times but never came over. We were ignored for over 10 minutes. At one point one of the ladies started rolling silverware at the hostess area. We have been here before and we were excited to go again, however we ended up leaving.  Where to start? I love this place. I feel so lucky to live down the street. The grilled cheese is great. The beer is usually on point (they run out of the good stuff). But that just means I have to come more often. I accept that. I highly suggest giving it a try, no matter what kind of beer you typically like  Wow... Jared, thanks!! What a great tour, tasting and yummy beers. So glad you are with a distributor and your beers are available around the valley! Dubina has really joined the ranks!  The Guns and Goses is a terrific sour ale. The Imperial Stout was rich and if you like pilsner you'll Grandpa's Pils. The burgers and homemade chips are delicious. This local micro brewery is worth the stop. Sunday is all day happy hour.  Check it out.  What a find! \r\nFamily owned and run,\r\nFriendly, attentive, enthusiastic servers,\r\nWith a neighborhood hangout feel to the place...\r\n\r\nWe had the housemade fried pickles, homemade pretzel with cheese and mustard, tasted a flight of five of their nine beers: \r\nBell Rd IPA, Dubina scotch ale, Nitro milk stout, Bolotnik Russian Imperial Stout, and Blood Orange Bell Rd IPA. The last sounds perhaps odd, but the orange really goes perfectly with the hops. IPAs were well balanced. \r\n\r\nDelicious Philly cheese steak on pretzel roll, generous serving of fresh salad instead of house made pub chips. Fresh Caprese salad was so fresh and tasty.\r\n\r\nWith great food, great beer, great service, we'll definitely be back!  My wife and I decided to go to Dubina Brewing last night for our anniversary. I'm a big fan of good beer and we had never tried this place. The reviews looked promising, however the experience was one of the worst I've ever had. When we arrived we sat at the bar and brought our Groupon out.  After learning the available beers, we got our flights and then the bartender vanished for over 20 minutes. \r\n\r\nWe ordered some food. The pretzel came out fairly quickly, however the bratwurst never made it. At times, we looked around the dinning room floor in hopes of finding our server and did not see a single staff member anywhere. At other times the bartender walked right by us without even a glance our way. \r\n\r\nAfter 50 minutes we left without our food to find another place to eat dinner. \r\n\r\nThe only good thing I can say about this place is that the pretzels where ok. \r\n\r\nObviously, we will never be going back to this establishment again.  Great brewery! Didn't make it for the food, but the beer was awesome! Had the pils and scotch ale, both were very tasty! Highly recommended!  Location is a bit weird but I'd definitely recommend it.  It was a little awkward at first because we were 2 of the only 4 people there (Sunday afternoon) and the only table server was complaining a lot about schedules, etc. We sat at the bar, though, and the bartender was all-around sweet, nice, and nerdy, and because the beer was tasty, we ended up staying there while the bar filled up. That was a good move, because a busy brewery is a happy brewery.  We didn't eat much, just pretzels, but they were tasty enough. There are some big leather chairs to sit in and sip your beer, and I was tempted, but I think the bar is where it's at. A decent option if you want some locally brewed beer.  Good beer, IPA is very good great Bartender, tried some wings but it was OK. Beer is very good  This place had a few great Groupon deals. Three flights of beer and 3 different types of brat. The bacon  brat and the tomato basil were the best! They come out on a huge pretzel role , load on the toppings, and surrounded by tons of yummy fries. I also liked their selection of beers that they had on tap.  Decided to give it a try and we were very dissatisfied with the beer and the food. The beer is below average and not even served in a cold glass. We even tried the beer sampler and we laughed at how awful the beer tasted. Four of us ordered food and the server brought one of our parties food and then went and took another tables order before bringing the rest of our order. We had to get up and ask for napkins also. The owners really need to work on improving this restaurant or they will be closed in a matter of months.  So, I literally just got home from Dubina Brewing Co. Normally, I don't write reviews, but I felt compelled after my first experience there to write something. I am thoroughly pleased with my experience. \r\n\r\nI went alone on an unusually slow Saturday night for a bar. I sat at the bar and was promptly served by the bartender. The beer selection is small, but quite nice. The Pom-granite Sour was my favorite and I have never had a beer like the Ye Olde Smokey. Additionally, I really enjoyed the Blood Orange IPA. For food, I had the Dubina fries, which were tasty and a good addition to the beer. \r\n\r\nHonestly, the worst part of my experience was the man that was an offensive drunk. However, I was very pleasantly surprised to have not only management, but also staff, speak with the man about his behavior in a patient and polite way. They both asked him to be courteous with his language to other customers for the comfort of their other customers. It is the first time, in a very long time, I have had staff make efforts to make all their customers feel comfortable. \r\n\r\nI will be going back and soon.  Everyone was super nice and we felt very welcome. The food and drinks were perfect and the staff was attentive. The owner even came up and spoke with us for a few minutes. It was a very personable experience that made me look forward to visiting again.  This is a jewel that I might have overlooked because it is located where a couple of other places didn't succeed. If your view was tainted by anything you experienced over the past 30 years in this location, forget what you ever knew.\r\n\r\nThis is a brewing company, and the beer is great. So is the food, which runs to brats and burgers. But they are delicious, and the menu goes way beyond bar food. The large screen televisions make this spot ideal for watching the game and indulging other senses. It's open and roomy, so bring a crowd. The service is solid, so you will be taken care of.\r\n\r\nI want to see this fine little local spot stick around. It's the kind of community gathering place that exists only in our memories.  Dubina has come a long way since the beginning, in beer quality, food & ambiance. Please do a couple things.. Have your blood orange bell road IPA as a standard beer. It is my all time favorite beer! Also, please offer more food specials during Happy Hour. We can get 10 awesome wings & many other appetizers for half price at Mellow Mushroom, along with 20 oz beers for $3.75. I want to support the smaller local guys but you must have some good deals!  Awesome to see something such as this in the West Valley!\r\nLoved the hefe! The stout seemed a little light for my taste but the others were pretty impressive. Can't wait for more food!  Great place!  Good beer and food. Had the Kraut Brat and IPA. Both were very good and a great price. Wait staff always active and Allison behind the bar was knowledge and attentive. Definitely will be back!  Great service, unbelievable food, very friendly, will definitely be a regular now!!!!!  Super dope. Highly recommend. Good chill atmosphere and the stout was terrific. Good food. Good people. A good time!  So, we had a Groupon for 4, but our friends bailed out on us. Decided to go anyways since the Groupon was about to expire....they gave us 2 yummy appetizer pretzels, which was nice, but did not give us the extra flights, which really was no big deal, since the only beer we really cared for was the Dubina Ale, a nutty brown ale, which we chose as pints as well ($10 for 2). Good malty flavor, and not too carbonated, comparable to Oak Creek nutty brown ale. We also ordered the fries, fully loaded, yummy, since they put on grilled onions, spicy cheese, (real) bacon bits, and a homemade spicy hop sauce. The owner came by and checked on us a couple times, a real plus. The place was not hopping on a Saturday afternoon, but maybe it was due to the music?? They were playing some emo-new age angst ridden garbage that seemed way out of place in a sports bar atmosphere, a definite minus. Would I go here again? Only if I am in the area, since it is a long trek to Tempe after having a couple beers.  Husband was very disappointed, we came to check out a few breweries in the area for a even and definitely this place will be scratched off the list. Hair was embedded in the burger very disgusting. Cook\\/chef has long hair and the waitress was very apologetic and embarrassed.  We came in a few weeks ago for trivia night. It was so much fun and the guy leading it was awesome! \r\n\r\nWhile I am not a big beer drinker, I am glad they have a few wine options. We started with the Dubina nachos, which were good and loaded with bacon and cheese. For dinner, I ordered a plain ol' cheeseburger with a side salad. The burger was delicious!\r\n\r\nI would love to come back for trivia again and to try one of the brats.  Great to see a new brewery take "flight". They have so many experimental brews and offer samples of everything. Build your own flight or let the experienced server build it for you based on your preferences. The owners chat with you and enjoy feedback on their progress.  If you live in the halo\'d north valley this is a place to experience. Plus they have life size jenga, total win!  Local in house brewed burs.good morning Glendale coffee stoot an the beans are from cartel coffee  I like this place.  All of the employees are friendly and attentive.  The bar tenders are very knowledgeable about beer in general and they really know the beers they brew.  It's a cool family owned atmosphere and I love seeing small businesses succeed.\r\n\r\nI have tried many of their brews and they are all quality.  I like some better than others but thats just a matter of taste. They have a great selection of beer and I feel it's a selection that spans a wide variety.  \r\n\r\nIf I had one criticism it would be that the food isn't quite on point.  Since I have only ordered from the appetizer menu I will make a point of ordering a sandwich or something next time.  Of all the appetizers I tried the pretzel is the best.  \r\n\r\nI will definately be back and I would recommend this place to anyone wanting a fun small brewery experience.  They have good beer. I really liked the stout made with snow, but the sour they had tasted awful. Sours are hard to get right though so i wont judge too much on that since it was probably one of their first tries. I would rate them higher because the people are nice and i love small craft breweries, but the food needs some work. Everything ive tried so far had been pretty bland and since their food is on the pricier side for a bar i would expect a little more. The fries are the worst though, never crispy :(  Just had and excellent meal accompanied by three great beers.  My wife and I both had the bratwurst with fries, a pretzel and two flights of beers.  While we have different taste in beers we both enjoyed their nitro Brown and their oatmeal stout .  We had been to Dubina right after they opened and decided to find out how much they had improved.  Fantastic.  Wow just wow..  Great beer and food.  Don't let the curb appeal keep you out.  If I lived closer this would be a must...  Nice clean place, great craft beers and a new expanded menu. Prices are also very reasonable for the area and the offerings. The staff have always been extremely friendly and attentive when we have visited. There is nothing else like it in the area and I am glad they are so close to home! I'm hopeful they will have some berry beers in the spring (hint, hint).  Really lucky to have this place in the Arrowhead area. It started out a little slow with a limited menu and decent but not spectacular beer, but this place has REALLY taken off in the last few months due to an expanded and improved food menu and the hiring of a head brewer. Seriously, if you love beer do yourself a favor and get a flight at Dubina. It's not well-known now but it will be. Waaay better than the other local micro-beer joints in the area!  Awesome beer and service. Best IPA I've had through my travels-arrowhead. Not to hoppy and still potent. Haven't had the food. Only gave 4 stars because the ambience is lacking, could use a more youthful appeal and better decor. Great prices and good tasting beer. Needs to replace their growlers, bummed we couldn't leave with the arrowhead in hand :(  I liked this place. We thought it would be dark, but it is quite open and light. Very friendly staff and we enjoyed talking to the bartender, Dan, who was very knowledgeable. Then one downside was the beer selection. The Imperial IPA was our favorite, but it's not a traditional IPA. It's very citrusy without much hop bitterness. The stout was a bit watery. Just lacked body, and I would say the same about the Brown we tried. I hope this place makes it, but they need to keep working on their beers and maybe offer some quest taps as well.  Amazing service. Great beer, and the hop sauce wings are off the chart good! Highly recommend the IPA.  My wife and I really like this place and visit it often.  The beer and food is great and prices are reasonable.  Some nights can be understaffed, so may not be the best choice if you are in a hurry.  Great folks,  great beer. What more could you ask for? They have a variety of brews,  but only their own. No commercial or even other local brews,  but trust that you will love them. The fries with extras are amazing,  too. You'd pay twice this for it for anywhere else and  it wouldn't be better.  We tried this place on a whim and we were very impressed! Nice little family owned brewery. The beer was great! Food wasn't anything to turn your nose up at either. I had the spicy gorgonzola burger and my husband had a brat. Their fries are delicious! I have nothing bad to say about this place. We will be back! Ao glad to have a good local place closer to the west side of town!  We visited when this place was less than a week open and I have a feeling they will just get better. \r\n\r\nThe first thing I noticed was how welcoming the staff was. We had dropped by to try a growler (got the Kolsh) thinking they would not have a food menu. We saw they had a food menu (two kinds of grilled cheese and a beer soaked brat). We decided to return for dinner. \r\n\r\nWe came back that might and the place was nealy full. The dining room \\/ bar had been bright during the day and was well lit that evening.  There was a giant ginga game int the front that a couple of friends were playing (and our server warned us it would be loud when the blocks came down). The staff was as friendly for dinner as they had been when we dropped by to get a growler. \r\n\r\nDespite Short Leash Dogs food truck in the back, I ordered their brat on a pretzel roll and my wife ordered a grilled cheese sandwich. I also ordered a flight of their beers which came very quickly. \r\n\r\nAll the beers were good bordering on excellent. I liked the Kolsh the best despite being a hop head and ipa fan. The imperial ipa had 120-something IBUs but still tasted a little sweet or malty. Everything else was true to style and tasty. \r\n\r\nThe brat on a pretzel roll came with kraut, onions, peppers, and spicy mustard. The brat and toppings were delicious but overpowered by the pretzel roll and would have been much better on flat bread. (The pretzel roll was listed as fresh baked which I'm sure was true, just not at the brewery). My wife's grilled cheese was savory and buttery on sourdough. Either the brat or the sandwich would have paired well with any of the beers. \r\n\r\nThis place is really young but also super friendly. If I could give half stars they would be 3.5 but I'm giving them four because I really want this mom and pop craft beer (or son and mom) place to take off. They are good but they will be great!  I want to start on a positive note, the server was friendly and our pretzel was tasty! The beer on the other hand was bla:\\/ The mister D stout and the vanilla porter were good... The other beers unfortunately were very bad. I would recommend this place to people who like basic beers like bud\\/colors but want to be hipsters and say they went to a brewery. Maybe I'm just use to stronger, tasteful beers and these were just too plain for me and other people will love them? Another negative about this place is the location, it looked like an old Chinese food place went out of business and they took it over. The worst part was it smelled like a bowling alley again, maybe that is just something that would bother me. I would recommend checking out wilderness brewery or O.H.S.O those will definitely not disappoint.  Pretzel buns always sound awesome but are a huge let down  till I came here. Anything on a pretzel bun at dubina is awesome. Beer is good too and everything is afordable.  BEST PRETZEL BUNS EVER!!! I should end my review right there. Seriously these are amazing locally crafted and brought in daily baked masterpieces!  Unlikely 99.99% of pretzel buns these are not dense at all! Very fluffy actually and with the perfect outer texture.\r\n\r\nOn my first visit I got the sliders. You get 3 and it's plenty of food if you're not super hungry.  You might get a little more bun than ordering a full size burger...  On my subsequent visits I keet getting the same thing. BBQ bacon burger with fries. The meal comes with chips but you can upgrade to fries for a nominal cost. The buns, oh those pretzel buns...OK I suppose we can talk about the rest of the food here...\r\n\r\nThe beef is very flavorful and the fries are the thin but not too thin shoestring variety. Perfect match for a burger.  Dubina is a serious burger joint and you'd never know that driving past this place...how many times did you drive past the restaurant and never even noticed it was here? They should have a kid standing on 67 th ave with a burger costume like on the TV show Bob's burgers! \r\n\r\nLastly the beer! Can't come here without trying their homemade suds. This place is one of those restaurants that makes their own beer on sight. My favorite is the Russian stout. It's their strongest (% alcohol) of all their beers right now. One and you definitely feel it not to mention the amazing flavor!  Delicious!  Selections change with the beer so there's usually something new to try. \r\n\r\nEnjoy! \r\n\r\n***be sure to check hours before going, no weekday lunch hours & closed Mondays***  Best beer in the west valley and great happy hour proves.\r\n\r\nPrevious issue with over billing was corrected by management and turned out to be an error with no bad intentions.  Appreciate the efforts of management and service team to make this right!  It's hard to determine whether this is a restaurant or a bar it seems more like a restaurant but the focal point is definitely on the micro brewed beers. We tried the sliders the bratwurst the wings the flight of beers and the pretzel and the pretzel was amazing the bratwurst was very good served on pretzel roll with spicy mustard and sauerkraut the flight of beers was good there's nothing wrong with it and we will definitely come back again. We loved the local aspect of using locally sourced ingredients and our favorite beer was the Bell Road IPA First Avenue.  Great beer and food. I love their selection of brats. Wednesday night trivia makes this the place to be!  A brewery in the northwest valley, what's not to love!  Good beer and food, so u cant go wrong.  I enjoy the pretzel with a blood orange bell road ipa.  Not your typical ipa but very tasty.  Support local breweries!  I;m an EV gal so I was FINALLY on the W side today and stopped in!!!  Love, love, LOVE the digs!!  Spacious, not loud, a few tvs, and nice overhead tunes.  I like the use of small kegs with a piece of wood on the top, for coffee tables.  My server was very attentive, knowledgeable about the beers and friendly.  I had a pint of the Nitro Stout....a sample of Snoatmeal and the Quad Collaboration!  All....fantastic!!  I was one of the few in the taproom....so mid-pint a gal came around to ask how I was doing, how the beer was...  THEN...informed me she was Jan, one of the owners, they are a family run brewery.  Then....just kept on.  Very kind!!  I am bummed this is about a 90 mile RT stop but....when I head west Dubina will DEFINITELY be a stop!!!  Great beer!  Great people!! Great atmosphere!!  Thank you Dubina!!  **side note**I did enjoy the Dubina "story" on the menu!!  After several weeks of wanting to try out Dubina, I finally met up with a friend here on a Friday evening. We both wanted to sample the beers, so we ordered the flight. \r\nThree out of the five were IPAs (not my favorite, but I wanted to be open minded and give them a try), the other two samples were Heffs. Keep in mind that I am by no means an expert in beer, but the whole flight was not very good overall, too bitter in my opinion, and the 'carrot cake' Heff tasted very basic without a hint of the carrot cake that I was expecting. \r\nThe atmosphere inside the brewery was lacking, just a large open room with tables and chairs, a bar area, and some booths off to the side. Nothing special. \r\nEspecially on a Friday evening, some live, or even livelier music on the radio, would have added a little something more to the bleak atmosphere. \r\nThe food smelled good (although we didn't order any).\r\nI'm glad I got to try this place out, but wouldn't go back.  We had ordered from here through Uber Eats last week and it was pretty good. So, we drove down to check it out in person. We ordered a pretzel with beer cheese, the Dubina nachos and a hefeweizen to start. The pretzel and cheese was delicious, the nachos were amazing..but the beer was terrible. Didn't taste like a Hefeweizen at all.\r\nThe service was pretty terrible and non-existent. So, we loved the food but will just order from Uber again.  Wonderful music selection... Especially if you're in your mid to early 30's. Played dashboard, brand new, hellogoodbye, and old blink 182 to name a few. Good beer and food too!!  It's good to know that the east side of the Valley does not have a monopoly of good local breweries, and this spot in Glendale is evidence of that. As expected, it serves decent pub fare (I really liked their bratwurst and sauerkraut in a pretzel hot dog bun) and a good selection of locally brewed libations.  The service is very friendly and efficient and kids need not be left at home if you want to come here, as it's also a family friendly establishment.  Located in a little bit of an obscure location, you're unlikely to just stumble upon Dubina. It only comes up on Yelp when searching for breweries. It's a shame, because it is a great pub serving awesome microbrews and some of the best pub fare in Glendale that many more should know about!\r\n\r\nWe went for lunch on a Saturday. I ordered the Flurry of Punches and my wife the Snoatmeal Stout. Both were delicious! I had the spicy Gorgonzola burger, my wife had the Hawaiian, my kids the cheddar cheeseburger and the cheesesteak. All burgers were served on fresh pretzel buns. Every single bite was delicious, and only a few fries were left behind.\r\n\r\nThe service was bit lacking, hence 4 instead of 5 stars. There was only one sever when we were there. She was awesome, except that she was tending the bar and serving all tables by herself.  first time in and I loved every single one of their beers. there burger sliders and fried pickles were also amazing, we will definitely be back on a regular basis now that we live in the area.  Lives less than 1\\/2 mile for 2 years and never ate here.  My parents said that the burgers were good. My sister got a promotion so what better way to celebrate than burgers and beer.  First we get to the restaurant and its seat yourself...bad for large parties.  There were only 7 of us, took about 10 minutes for a large dirty table to be cleaned.  From here it all went downhill....\r\n\r\nFirst we all sat and took about 15 minutes for a serve to come.  We finally got sodas and beer and life was good, but that didn't last.  We had to go to bar for beer refills. Finally we got those.  Food wise...we got 2 pretzels for an appetizer.  One was hot, fresh and delicious and the other was cold and so-so good.  Disappointing but decent. Drink refills were slow and usually empty, but the server had a lot of tables and did her best. Finally after 1 hour and 10 minutes half the table gets food.  The wait continues....everyone finally got food and my order is wrong.  My husband ordered the bacon cheese brat, it was okay.  Everyone else got burgers.  The burgers are good, but they need another option besides the pretzel bun.  Best thing on the menu....FRIES!!!  Those little golden crisp delicious potatoes are delicious!  I finally got my burger about 15 minutes after everyone else.  My food was hot which was good.  We never got the onion rings my sister ordered.  The manager and server were very apologetic for the issues, which seemed to be happening to a lot of tables.  The food was ok, living across the street...I'm not sure I will come back. \r\n\r\nOn a side note, everyone at the table who had beer raved about them!!!  15% off appetizers during Happy Hour? Is this for real? Do people people actually come running to get .90 off an order of wings? Clearly ownership has no clue or is playing some ironic joke.  Sliders and hot pretzels are delicious. Pretty great beer and that is coming  from a Michigan beer snob! Highly recommended. Amy is a great waitress as well.  The staff is very attentive and friendly. The beers were mediocre but the food was much better. It takes awhile to get the recipes tweaked and right. Worth a trip here.  Went in for the first time yesterday. The staff was extremely friend and knowledgable. Great low-key atmosphere. Looking to becoming a regular.  The beer here is pretty good! I am glad they have growlers in, so I can take my beer home with me. I havent tried any of the food but i will go back and give it a whirl. Good service, atmosphere is OK. Good luck Dubina, we hope you are here to stay! :  The Gorgonzola burger was good . The Brat was kinda greasy. The garlic fries were lame . Just poured  minced garlic you can get from Costco on top . The regular fries better. Service was good beer was limited options but good.  I would prob drive farther for more options on beer and food. The ambiance was like a hole in the wall pub but if you make it up in the beer and food that is ok, but neither impressed . Was moving out here soon so we were checking the local brew pubs and local shops. It was just ok for me.  I have been here several times and have always had a great experience. The menu is not huge, but the food is fun and tasty. The beer is awesome, the list changes fairly regularly, and the get craft beers from other local Brewers as well. This is a terrific place to support the local small business:)  Great brew.  Descent hot wings! Good service!  Awesome beer!  Love all the German brews!  Been waiting months for this brewery to open. Very friendly atmosphere, attentive staff and most importantly,  beer with great promise. \r\nWhile the food menu is a little scarce, they welcome you to order pizza or anything else and have it delivered. They also have food trucks come by on selected days which is great. \r\nI only wish they offered wine or allowed byob. It's difficult to talk my wife into stopping  in for a pint or two afterwork when there is no vino for her to partake in! Happy wife, happy life.  Took a tour of the brewery for my birthday. My 3 buds and i had flights afterwards. The serve very tasty beers and simple bar food. Nothing pretentious about this place. Great spot to stop for lunch on a weekend.  Wow, this place was a surprise. We had a groupon that expired today and debated going but I'm glad we did. It didn't look like much from the outside but it was wonderful. The beer flights came out fast along with a super friendly server who went over our selections in detail. I had the apple walnut salad with the homemade raspberry vinegarette, which was by far the best I've ever had. The wings were really great as well. The atmosphere was fun, people were playing some kind of jenga with giant blocks that eventually came crashing down, fun to watch. I'd go back in a heartbeat. Can't think of anything negative about the place.  Came with a Groupon. Glad we did! The flight was good and the food. Would have given 5 stars but I felt like the atmosphere was missing something. Maybe some music?  I'm hesitating to give them a 5, but only because I want to keep this place to myself! The food is always a hit with me and my husband, and the beer is a MUST - my only disappointment is when they run out! The staff is so warm and friendly, truly happy to work there and share with customers the great selections they have to offer. I'll be there tomorrow, and looking forward to it!  I visited this new brewery with my wife and daughter. We ordered a flight of beers to see which ones we would order. All were very good, and we each ordered a different one. We also ordered a Brat, and it was fantastic!! It tasted like a real brat with veal in it, and we all enjoyed!! I will definitely be back for more!!  This place was amazing! The beers were delicious and the appetizers were so tasty. The best bruschetta I have ever tasted! We ended up ordering three rounds of it. Very clean and chill establishment.  Great service. Came on a Friday to watch the soccer game with a handful of friends. Beer selection is limited but solid, no personal favorites. I can see how service could get spotty with only one or two servers working the floor but Ali was an angel.\r\n\r\nI enjoyed the laid back environment and friendly employees. Will visit again.  Modern micro breweries are so different from each other they are hard to form a generalized mental image of. Everything from just a handful of taps with a chalkboard listing to full on restaurant. Some with no food, some that serve something to eat as an afterthought, some that try but just don't have it down yet in the food department and some that could survive with the food and bottled beer. This place to me would be the latter but I am glad the also have the good beer. Mind you, I wasn't here when they were first getting the food idea going. My mental image of the place is the company picnic. There was a group of families with young kids in one area. Mom's were watching over their kids playing Jenga in another place, then there was a quiet group of 4 spot tables that mostly kept to themselves and then there was our group for a graduation party at a community high top that made mingling very comfortable. Oh, and they had a bar too. The only thing missing were the horse shoe pits. I had a couple of glasses of Pilsner which, to me, tasted true to it's origins. I wasn't feeling a burger and fries so I got the grilled cheese sandwich with a salad. Very good! I've heard the service isn't always good but that evening we had great service and when it came time for the party cake they brought out plates and forks and a cutting\\/serving tool for us. Definitely a place the West side is lucky to have.  Currently my favorite place out in Glendale! Absolutely worth checking out.  I always enjoy going to Dubina Brewing Company.  The staff is friendly and well-informed about their beers.  The beers themselves are first rate and they always seem to have a guest beer or two on tap.  The food is good and seems to improve everytime I visit.  The kitchen has no problem making a substitution or with a special request.  We were very excited for a local brewery but were totally disappointed in Dubina. The names and descriptions of their beer sounded great but when we got our drinks it was....not good. My "candy cream ale" lacked any sort of mature carbonation, zero head and my husband\'s beer tasted like dish soap. The regular hop flavor was lost behind a foul\r\nbitterness that made it hard to drink. The atmosphere was bland. We won\'t be returning.  I would say the only good brewery in the west valley. The staff is friendly without being pushy and they have a good selection of different rotating beers. I like a place where I can just relax and have a drink without loud chaos going on. I would like a little more selection on the menu items but they're new so we'll see what's to come.  I tried 7 of the 8 beers on offer (the coffee stout was out).  Everything was correct.  The real standouts were the imperial IPA and the Gose, a wonderfully unique sour beer in the German style.  The wings were excellent.  Support this Arrowhead micro;  you won't be disappointed.  So, I went to Dubina a couple times a year ago when they first opened and noted the fact that they were just starting out and that their beer needed to be improved as they went along. Happy to report that they've done that and the beer is now much improved. \r\n\r\nDue to a power outage a few weeks ago, as the bartender explained, there were only a few beers on tap. They unfortunately had to dump several batches due to the outage - sucks and hopefully they can recoup that in no time. The beers I tried were all solid and true to style. I had the IPA, the Hefe, the Black IPA and the Gratzie. Now that last one isn't really for me (HATE smoked beers) but my friend was able to polish that off for me and enjoyed it a lot. The staff was super nice, even giving us a little tour of the setup. Very unique and creative setup for the space since there is a combo system and the obstacles such as ceiling tiles and not having high ceilings throughout to combat there.\r\n\r\nI'd come back, maybe even try some food next time - so the review is just beer\\/service for now. More to come.  This place is fairly new, I guess about a year I think. They are getting better with each round of beer and food. I'm a big fan of Sahti brew and the Hibiscus and I think soon the maple will be back. They have changed the food menu and they continue to get better at each step. I personally think its a great place with great help (Allie and Elizabeth), owners when available spend time talking and just working the crowds. Great beer, great atmosphere and great staff = enjoyable experience.  Love this spot! Great beer, never too crowded and good food! Not to mention the low prices  I had time to check out one brewery while visiting the Phoenix area.  Unfortunately, good Yelp reviews led me to Dubina.  \r\n\r\nI had a 5 beer flight, and honestly not even one of them was an average level beer.  Carbonation on all seemed low, nothing was incredibly true to style, and the barelywine was flat out horrible.  If I had to pick a least offensive, it'd be their brown.  It was fine.\r\n\r\nBeyond the really awful beer, the place has a weird vibe.  Dark & generic.  Shades pulled, drop ceiling, couches.  Weirdly open space.  I didn't get what they were going for.  I kind of assumed the decor came from a previous business that used the space, maybe.\r\n\r\nThe service started out good, but it took forever to get the check.  Asked for it, but the server waited on other tables for about 15 minutes before bringing it back.  The owner actually ended up handling it for us, as she was going around talking to the tables.\r\n\r\nThe good?  Prices were okay, especially during happy hour.  The pretzel was decent, and the food looked good.  One of the owners also dropped by to chat and she was a lovely woman.  \r\n\r\nI wish this place the best of luck, but the beer has a long way to go.  Dial back the ambition on the higher gravity beers and try to get a few simpler styles first, maybe.  A hidden gem of a craft brewery. Small selection of craft beers with a quality taste. The chicken wings were tasty. There are a few TVs with sports games playing. The place is clean and roomy.  There is a mixture of tables and bar top seating. The service of our bartender Amber was "phenomenal".  What a wonderful surprise.  Jennifer and Amber were great hosts. Most of the beers were great. Loved the oatmeal stout. Best brats I ever had. The fries were great. A must do.  PS. Move that blockgame outside and sell growlers off ALL your beers  Great atmosphere. Like hanging out at a friend's place, only with great chew & brew! We brought two growlers home.  Always a great tasting selection of beers here and the gal serving it up is super nice and always takes good care of us! Actually everyone that works here is always friendly., place is super clean too, we love it here! It\'s our version of "Cheers"... :-) \r\nwaiting for someone to shout "Norm" one day - real random like  Went on a groupon. Had the beer sampler and the beer was average. Three out of the total of six available beers were IPAs so not much variety. Pretzel tasted like a big piece of gummy bread not like a pretzel at all. Only positive thing I can say is the waitress was very nice. Won't be back.  Looking for a low key place for conversation or to watch a game while enjoying one of a kind microbrew?  If so, this is your place!\r\n\r\nI've become a regular here...really haven't tried the food so I can't comment on that but love the microbrews.  You can find them at some taps around the Valley too.  The place sucks! The food was cold. The coke was flat. No real options if you don't drink beer or are a designated driver. The Waitress was rude. Hope to never return. Dive bar-ish in a dingy parking lot. Don't waste your time  I came here on a whim with some friends and was pleasantly surprised! I wasn't very hungry so I shared a plate of sliders and the Dubina fries. The sliders were tasty but the fries. The fries! They were so good and I am still thinking about how good they were. The service here was amazing! Our waitress always made sure our waters were full and one of the the owners was walking around checking up on tables. Overall great experience. I'd definitely come back!  Really glad to have a brewery on my side of town instead of driving for 30 minutes to the others in the valley. Dubina is a solid brewery and they are really maturing into some good brewers. They are expanding their food menu as they go as well at the atmosphere. They seem to get better and better every time I go, really glad they are doing well and I will continue to give them my business.  This is my first time here after the soft opening. Still here, first beer was the Hefe. Absolutely delicious with a very strong banana flavor. Might be my favorite Hefe I've had. Now I'm currently sipping down the Dubina Ale. This is also a fantastic brew. Very good flavor that goes down easy. I can feel the buzz creeping up and I am very happy about this place. As it gets more established I could see this being my favorite brewery in Phoenix. Keep up the good work! \r\n\r\nOnly reason I didn't go five is because I'd like a couple more kitchen options. But hey!! They are brand new.  A nice pub-like atmosphere in the center of 67th Ave and Bell Road. The restaurant set-up was nice and kept with the pub theme. Staff was friendly and helpful. The beers were ok and reasonable prices. Food was so-so. I ordered the dry rub wings that were ok. Tastes good at first, but as leftovers, it lost the flavor. My husband ordered the fish and chips. His chips were more like the sizes of a store-bought fish sticks. He said it wasn't bad, but the fish size was ridiculous and it was set next to a pile of homemade potato chips. We also ordered the Dubina nachos which is their house made potato chips, cheese sauce, bacon, onions, and buffalo sauce. Again, so-so. The chips were not bad, but I am certainly not jumping up and down with excitement. Will definitely go back for a pint with friends.  Let me start with this; the $25 Groupon is absolutely a waste of money. We went this weekend expecting something cool for $25. Turns out the tour and two flights you get don\'t actually cost $25 themselves. The flights are $7.50 a piece. To that point, on the tour, they kept talking about how great there blood orange beer was. But they didn\'t have any on tap and said they wouldn\'t for a while. They have five local beers on tap. Three sours, a pilsner, and a milk stout. The pilsner and milk stout were the best, but the bar was low. The sours were just about undrinkable. The tour was approximately 15 minutes and went into their kitchen and one other little nook with their tanks. The kitchen made me glad we didn\'t eat there. It was dirty and everything they were making seemed to come pre-made and they just reheated it. They made a big deal about how they "listen to their customers which is why they make the blood orange beer." But, again, no blood orange beer to be found. It was a strange tour and not worth the time or money.  First off, the people that go to a brewery to try the beer so that they can tell everyone else what is wrong with it.....your lame. Nobody liked you to begin with. Stop trying to be cool by putting other peoples work down.\r\n\r\nWith that out of the way, the owners & employees that I have talked to at Dubina aren't pretentious beer snobs themselves, which makes this place cool right from the start. They make beer the way they want to. All of the beers that I have tried there, while some may not have been my style, have been good. The food menu isn't huge but has good bar\\/brewery food sourced locally. Who need 15 different kinds of burgers anyways. \r\n\r\nWhat I like best is that this place didn't open in a big, shiny, look at me fashion. They are not over extending themselves with fancy furniture, extravagant decorating, or a huge food menu, which makes them more likely to succeed as a family Mom & Pop type business. They are doing it as they go which to me is smart, and its getting better. Just yesterday I noticed that they had some new lighting which made it a little less bright and really added to the ambiance.  \r\n\r\nI dig this place. Its laid back, friendly and they truly appreciate your business. They love to talk about their beers and brewing. Jan Dubina was even nice enough to let us host a soccer viewing party tomorrow for my AZ United soccer supporters group La Furia Roja. She's letting us hook up a laptop to her Big TV and stream the game. This is my local brewery hangout from now on.  Great beer and great people hear. The brats are awesome. Just a great spot to spend a hot afternoon or evening.  We are always looking for new places to try and Dubina Brewing is worth visiting.  Their beers are outstanding.  I love IPAs and they have 3 that are among the best. The food (anything on a pretzel bun) is very good. The staff is very friendly and helpful if you have any questions or want to try a couple before ordering. We'll be making Dubina one of our regular stops.  This was my first time to Dubina Brewin Co, I saw the Groupon deal online and couldn't pass it up!\r\n\r\nWe got a few flights of beer as well as the Ham & Cheese sandwich. Sandwich was great and the whole menu selection is awesome and very well priced. Enjoyed all of  the beers on tap, especially the Zizkov Kolsch and the Havasu Hefeweizen.\r\n\r\nBeing from the Northwest, I very much miss the abundance of craft breweries back home. I was very excited to have this new brewery open up so close to my home in Glendale!\r\n\r\nThe space and location are good, I'm excited to see this place grow and will definitely be returning regularly to support Dubina Brewing!  Alley gives this place 4 paws up. Super friendly environment and plenty or kids because there was a party today.  She especially liked the large Jenga at the entrance.  She enjoyed a snack and the cool concrete floors.\r\n\r\nThe beer was really good. The blood orange IPA was great.  All of the beers with fruit flavors tasted good.  Possibly the best gose style beers in the valley.  The regular IPA was smooth with minimal if any back bite.  \r\n\r\nThe pretzel was good but there wasn't enough cheese.  This place was worth the drive so if you're in Phoenix drive to Peoria this place is worth it!!!  We tried Dubina for my husband's birthday celebration and it was perfect! It's a great local place that's hitting the ground running. It's not a fancy place with a glitzy menu, but the items we had were all well done (you won't go wrong with the local brat). They also had enough variety of beer on tap to please all kinds of beer drinkers. I really enjoyed the pumpkin ale, the gose, and the imperial IPA, however they all brought something different to the table. The atmosphere is also low key and the service is friendly. We will definitely be back and are happy to have this family run brewery in the west valley. Support your local brewery and check this place out!  What a fun place.  Stopped in to hear some great jazz and had a fantastic blood orange IPA.  The staff was exceptionally friendly and you felt like part of the family.  You must check it out for local beer!  I really love visiting the breweries. But it was not so easy to find brewing company around here. Dubina was close to our place so we decided to visit here. We ordered beer flight and pitcher of pilsner with pretzel. The food was great and beer was so nice! Also staff was so friendly.  Great beer and food. Both IPAs on tap are very well balanced and their food is very tasty!!  The service and beer were above average.   The food was good....not great and the atmosphere was unimpressive.  If you're into craft beers, this is the place for you.  Overall...not a bad experience.  Great food, beer and service! Stopped by after a long day. Great atmosphere! Plenty of tables. Will definitely be here again! Had the Pumpkin Pie Ale and Good Morning Glendale Coffee Stout. The pumpkin beer is one the best I ever had. Not much pumpkin but the spices (cinnamon, nutmeg, etc).  The coffee stout is based from Cartel Coffee here in town. Both are definitely worth a try!  Their sliders and soft pretzel are amazing!  Dubina's brewery is amazing!  Their beers are all made here and are very delicious!   The menu has a good variety of items! Try their pretzels, amazing appetizer (the dough for them is from a local place)  atmosphere is a nice restaurant \\/bar feel to it. The service is very good and very friendly!  Also don't forget to check out their happy hour $1.00 off beer flights!!   Check out Dubina's!  Yup. Yelp has it right. Good all-American burgers n sandwiches. Interesting (and good) Chardonay. We didn't order beer.  Beer is fantastic. Service is horrible. In fact I haven't even eaten anything yet because I've been here an hour and haven't even received my food. Good place to grab a growler but unless you've got awhile don't stop to eat. Finally cancelled order at 1 hour 10 mins. They brought us a bill for the beer but just as we were going to pay they came out and comp'd it. That is the only reason I may actually try it again sometime.  My wife, brother and sister in law went last night to the soft opening. We all were very impressed with everything. The service was very fast and the brews were great! We started out with a flight just to have a sample of everything. I was very happy to see that they portions poured were pretty big, but also the price was awesome. Most places will charge you double for less beer. I loved the Milk Stout and it was delicious! My sister in law loved the Dubina Ale. We didn't have a chance to try the found but it looked good. The staff was super great. I wasn't expecting the service to be that quick. Usually openings stumble and they didn't seem to have any issues. We will definitely be going back. Especially once the Vanilla Porter is finished! I am also looking forward to picking up a few glasses once they are in stock as well as some t shirts.  Thrilled to have Dubina in my life. \r\n\r\nBell Road IPA is the shiz. Don't care for IPA normally but this super-hoppy beer (7.3%ABV) is so, so good with one of their very special 'Soft Jumbo Pretzel's' ($5.99) which happens to be baked locally. It arrives with a side of melty cheddar and spicy mustard and is always perfectly salted. \r\n\r\nService is friendly and down-to-earth. They even have a giant JENGA for the kids to toss around.\r\n\r\nIt's worth a mention (although they are unusually modest about this) that Dubina was just declared the Arizona Brewery of the Year by The New York International Beer Competition. http:\\/\\/bit.ly\\/1xD9gOE  Let's start with the service. Everyone we spoke to and all the several around out were super nice! Great customer service! \r\n\r\nGood not so good. I've had bar food many times but this time I rate the a 2 out of 5.  Ordered the burger sliders. Meats was red and the bread was your below average. No toppings or sauce. Nothing to run and tell everyone about.  Chicken wings were again slightly under cooked.  And the taste were not the greatest to brag about.  \r\n\r\nBeer was okay different strokes for different folks. Would I return again not really but the service was great.  We celebrated my 50th birthday with friends and family at Dubina Brewing Co. This place is a real gem. The family and staff was so accommodating and took great care of all of us. We did a tour and beer tasting which was fun for everyone that participated. Our friends and family that had never been are now big fans and plan on returning. Thank you Dubina for your hospitality and making my day extra special!  The Vanil Kova Porter is the best porter I've had since moving here from Chicago. And that includes Pusch Ridge Porter from AZ Wilderness Brewing.  I had a beer flight and remember all the beers, minus the blood orange one, were good.\r\nI was most impressed with the coffee inspired brown ale, it the best brown ale from any local brewery I've had. In fact I can't really remember a brown ale I liked as much as this one. Definitely worth a visit if you love beer and better than most breweries in this neck of the woods.  The onion rings are delicious. The beer menu wasn't fully represented which was a bit of a bummer. The brats were slightly overpriced.Very small crowd on a Saturday. I was hoping for more of ambiance. We will give it another shot though as it would be nice to have a successful nonchain brewery on the West side.  The beers here are quite good, but I found them to be a little on the sweet side across the board. The bratwurst was fantastic, and I'd like to come back just for that.  We had stopped by a nearby cafe for lunch and afterwards thought we'd do a quick search for any brewpubs in the area. This place popped up in our search so we decided to drop in and check out their beers.\r\n\r\nIt's in a small strip mall and nothing to look at from the outside. Inside they've done a good job of adding a little character to a generic building. You pass by the fermentation tanks as you walk in and there is ample table seating or you can opt for the stools around the bar.\r\n\r\nWe ordered a flight of beers along with a pint of their Havasu Hefe. Hubby loved the Daytripper IPA and the Arrowhead Double IPA (hophead) while I enjoyed their hefeweizen. For a small brewery they offer good beers and our server was friendly. Glad we checked this place out.  I came for the soft opening so I added an extra star I normally wouldn't give. The beer was good but definitely unexpected flavors. I really wanted to like the imperial ipa but it was more citrus than I imagined. I liked the prices at $7 a piece though! Happy hour prices seem far as well! The food was just... Not great. The pretzel is pretty pricey for a small section and that is probably not 'beer' cheese, more like regular cheese? We also ordered the ultimate grill cheese and it could have been grilled for another two minutes or so. The decor is not modern in any way but we'll give that time!  This review is brought to you by Andrew C's Brews Cruise UYE! Don't hesitate to join up once a month in some day drinking with your fellow yelpers. \r\n\r\nAnyway, Dubina is a pretty gosh darn good brewery that I'm elated to have in Glendale. Bell Road is absolutely full of drinking and dining options, so if a local business can last this long, that should be your first sign it's legit. \r\n\r\nThe beer is good, and of course this is what matters most. The IPA packed many hops, but not *too* many. It was floral as well. The pilsner didn't quite have that 'bite' to it--the carbonation on it and all their beers is very fine--but I enjoyed the relatively mild taste. They make great sours as well, with some refreshing fruit flavors. I feel their beers are above average, and they deserve much praise for creating a foundation of conventional, go-to brews that can please anyone. \r\n\r\nNot to say everything they have is ordinary. There was a smoky, savory beer on the menu. I did not try it, as I don't care for those, but rumor on the block is that it tastes like a smoked sausage. Strange, but commendable. If you're feeling brave, it's not like you'll be blowing a lot of money trying new things. The pints I had were five bucks each, which is certainly less than what you'll usually encounter at similar establishments. \r\n\r\nAnother cool thing here is a modest food menu of wings, brats, and burgers. These weren't extraordinary, as they are obviously mass-produced, store-bought ingredients. But that doesn't mean they aren't decent. The burgers are large and kinda tasty. Fries are loaded with garlic salt and will leave you thirsty. Do try their hop sauce as well. It's all rather inexpensive as well. \r\n\r\nOverall, I find Dubina to be a pretty cool destination I wouldn't hesitate to recommend. That being said, it is unusually rough around the edges for a place that's been open for about 2 years. It looks brand new. Decoration is sloppy and incomplete. Menu could probably use some more signature items than just slathering ordinary food in their very own sauce. I hope that in the future, this place finds the inspiration to achieve its full potential. I will see what the future holds as I periodically cheers to good beer and a great staff.  I REALLLLLY wanted to like this place.    I had wanted to try Dubina for a year, since noticing them in the old Skybox location.   The environment was a bit off from what I expected.  A low ceilinged bar filled with very quiet, almost somber 50somethings.  We walked in, sat down and tried to place our order.   They were out of both of the first two beers I tried to order.   Strike 1.  We get our beers,  and while not bad at all, they were nothing special.  We decided to order dinner.  After we decide what we will have the waitress informs us they are out of fries.   Who runs out of French fries?  Fine, we will have onion rings.  Our food comes out.  Strike two.   My philly  was horrible.  The meat was almost black, and so salty I could hardly eat it.  My wife's salad had so much blue cheese, you couldn't taste anything else.   Wow, strike three.  I ask for my check, deciding to go a mile down the road to Rock Bottom (great food and service).  I get my check and wow...  $60 for that CRAP.  I will not be back.   Now I undefended why there are never more than a few cars in the parking lot.  This place was fantastic. The bartender was so friendly and informative. Their assortment of sours was also absolutely delicious (we ended up taking a few cans home.) We felt welcomed the instant we stepped foot inside. Definitely will be coming back next time I'm in town.  Bell road ipa is a solid beer. Don't know what happened to the bratwurst but it was very tough on the outside and fries were a little stale. Would still go back because the people that work there are so nice. Maybe get some brats from Schreiners  Who would've thought that a little brewery in BFE would have tasty beer? Not me..... as we pulled up to Dubina I was dubious to say the least (see what I did there....ha!). It looks like a crappy Irish pub from the outside. The inside decor isn't much better. But..... the beer was good! I had a flight and really enjoyed their goses. The husband enjoyed their IPA. The prices were reasonable. I would definitely recommend!  Let me state that this review is based entirely on the service. Not the beer or food. We have been to Dubina before and enjoyed it. That's why we went again on Sunday Sept 3.\r\nWe met some friends there, we were a table of 4. Our friends and 1 table as well as 2 people at the bar where the only ones there. Right off the bat our friends said don't expect fast service on the beer. They waited for quite a while.\r\nWhen the sever finally came she (she never gave her name) made a trip for water, then a second one for our beer order. We waited a good 10-12 minutes for our beer. She said she would be back in few to take our food order. another 10-15 minutes passed. In the mean time 3 other tables came in. She waited on all of them. And took the order of the table next to us. I then stopped her and asked if we could place our order. She said yes and would be back shortly. Again we waited. 10 more minutes passed. More people came in. Still we haven't ordered.\r\nThe final straw was the table next to us got their food order before we even ordered! Completely unacceptable.\r\nShe finally came over to take our order and we told her we were done. Please just bring our tab, we are leaving.\r\nAnother 10 minutes with nothing.\r\nFinally my friend went to the guy at the register and asked for our check. He said he was having problems and it may be awhile. \r\nShe told him we were done and wanted to leave. He told us to go ahead and leave. Beer was on the house.\r\nThis server had no organization or priority skills. She did apologize that she was the only one there but that is no excuse for waiting on others while we sat and sat. Over an hour wait, 1 beer, 1 water, and never took our order. It wasn't that busy, I've seen other servers handle larger crowds with ease.\r\nI may never come back. Too bad I really like your beer.  No lite ale beer, no cold wine,  I asked for some lime juice,  and got a look of "what\'s that\'s?" Last time for this place.  Went with a group of 10 on a early Friday evening. Had the pretzel starter. Pretzel was OK but the cheese that came with it was bland \\/ tasteless. I ordered a brat for dinner. Did not realize all the brat dishes are just the same brat with different toppings. The pretzel roll it comes on is dry and crisp. Tried to order onion rings but at 5:45 on a Friday night they were out. Someone in the kitchen does not plan well. Switched to CRISPY fries. My fries came out non-crispy and exactly the same as those others had ordered who did not ask for crisp. Again a problem in the kitchen. It's just a personal thing but I do not like the high alcohol beers they offer. However if you want beer there is no alternative. The plus is that our server was great.  Had a great experience here! Loved the service and food.. & My boyfriend liked the dark beers. I recommend the bruschetta and the pretzel!  Just used a groupon for date night and man are we going back! Service was outstanding. Food was amazing and drinks were sooooooo good! Highly recommend the brauts and the beer flight!  Had a great time at your place on Friday night. Enjoyed all the beers and the friendliness provided by the staff. I have always enjoyed coming in and will continue to do so! Cheers.  Burgers  & Beers are great! If you go, ask for Amber. She's a fantastic server! If you get anyone else. Good luck! We waited over an hour before we got service.  Tried Dubina on a brief tour of North West Phoenix last weekend and it was promising.  Little bare bones on the inside but friendly staff.  They advertise czech style beers but I wasn't precisely sure what was czech about them - tried the pils (ok i guess czech) and the hefe.  The pils was fine but I found the hefe fairly watery.  Tried a sauerkraut brat which was good if a little dry.  However particularly in this corner of chain restaurant\\/bar land it is a welcome alternative and nice to see that nano-breweries are popping up in the most unexpected of places  This review is for the beer only! Bell Road IPA is great. By far one of the top two local IPA's. The food looked good but we didn't eat. Maybe next time.  A really comfortable place to hang out and have a good beer or two.   If that's what you're looking for, we'll see you there.  We ate there yesterday and really enjoyed the food and beers.  I ordered a make your own veggie burger with pub cheese, celery, lettuce onion pickles and tomatoes and it was fantastic!!  My boyfriend had some sort of meat sandwich and loved it too.  The beers are delicious as well, the bell road orange IPA was super fresh as well as the extra dry IPA.  I had a flight and liked them all.  The service is good, and it's a friendly atmosphere.  Their beer surpassed expectations. From their IPA to their Oatmeal Stout and specialty Ale, all where great brews!\r\n\r\nFall Maple ale\\/9.5%-smells like maple syrup\r\n\r\nOatmeal Stout\\/8.4%-Stout brewed with Flagstaff, AZ snow with raisins and maple.\r\n\r\nYe Old Smokey\\/5.25%- oak smoked wheat\r\n\r\nBell Road IPA\\/6.7%- Citra, Simcoe, cascade and Amarillo hops  Glendale's hidden gem...shhh. ..don't tell anyone.  House brewed craft beer, fantastic bratwurst, and the Dubina fries are unbelievable.  Ok I'm. Ow finally giving Dubina a 5 star rating. I k ow I've had them as a 2 the. 3 but I've been there a few times more and they fully earn a sold 5. What changed my mind was when the owner, Jan Dubina, sat down next to me and started talking. She is a great person and has is retired from a career in LE. The beer has been getting better and they are starting to can their beer. Just an overall positive environment for beer and beer lovers!  This place is great! I hope they offer a discount on weight watchers because I'll be eating their Dubina fries as often as possible!!!! I love local craft brews and these guys are doing a good job.  This Czech family microbrewery is growing on me. They are doing better at consistently having their popular brews available, in addition to experimenting with new products that make return visits fun for aficionados.  None of the beers are session \\/ lighter end of the spectrum (under 5%). Far too heavy to accompany a meal and not great for much else either unless you're intent on getting plastered after a couple of rounds. Strange.  This place is awesome. Great beer, great service, bruschetta was amazing.  I will definitely be back. Alli is the best bartender, she was insightful about the beer and a great joy to chat with.  Pros: \r\nGreat staff that's friendly and knowledgeable\r\nBeer is very nice and has a different taste than some other local brews. Tried the hefe, the wheat and the very tasty candy cream ale.\r\nNice to have decently priced food. Most of the menu was under $8. \r\nInside is very clean and welcoming. For a brew pub, it is large enough to come in and stay and watch a game.\r\n\r\nCons:\r\nIt's kind of hard to find tucked into an unattractive strip mall.\r\nOutside is kind of scary and looks like an old dive bar.\r\nParking might be hard on a busy night (I went during the day)\r\n\r\nOverall, I was impressed and will return. Compared to other local breweries, this place is clean, welcoming, doesn't stink of stale beer and provides a MUCH NEEDED injection of good local run business into the Arrowhead area.  Came here for the beer. Had myself a grilled cheese. Left happy. I tried the Ale and the Milk Stout. The milk stout is exquisite! Creamy delicious but not too thick and has good malty notes on the tongue. I will definitely be coming back.  Typical Phoenix strip mall location.  Have to love it when a plan comes together-NOT. I had read that this place was going to offer Czech style lagers and Czech cuisine, sorry but milk stouts and candy cream ales are not Czech and neither are grilled cheese sandwiches.  The beer really is just like typical homebrew and is certainly not up to commercial standards. Come here with your expectations set low and you'll be ok but dont expect a real brewpub.  Great beer, great service!! Elizabeth, a bartender, is super friendly and very attentive. I'll definitely return next time I'm on the west side!  My wife and I visited Dubina Brewing Co on a Sunday and had a late afternoon beer and meal. My wife ordered the flight of five different beer selections, while I ordered the Bell road IPA.  I enjoyed my IPA, and the aroma was very pleasant; while the flavor and drinkability was average.  I tried each of the flights with my wife and noticed the following:  The Sours were very sour (good job!), the hefeweizen had the typical cloudy banana aroma and flavor, the Gose and amber also had all the characteristics of their respective types.\r\n\r\nI ordered the fish and chips and my wife ordered a burger.  My meal was subpar and the fish was not cooked completely and heavily battered.  This was disappointing.  My wife said her burger was OK and cooked a little darker than the medium she requested.  In short, the food leaves a lot to be desired.\r\n\r\nThe service was slow.  After finishing our meal, we waited for 15+ minutes for the waitress to take payment.  We were the only group in the bar, minus a group of patrons there for what appeared to be a painting class.\r\n\r\nOn the whole, it was nice to visit a new local brewery in Phoenix.  I am not sure if we will return or if I will search out their beer however.   For the typical bar food and beer, this place fits the bill.  We came here on a Sunday and it was a bit slow, but this place has a lot of potential to be really fun.  I tried all 6 beers they had and my favorites were the Pumpkin and the Maple ones.  I'm sure they rotate stuff seasonally so not sure how long those will be here.  We also tried a soft pretzel with cheese.  It was really good- buttery with just enough salt and the cheese sauce really made it perfect.  The building this place is in is a dumpy strip mall, but the inside of the brewery is huge.  It might be even too big, but maybe that's just because we were there on a Sunday.  Customers and staff were very friendly and we made small talk with everyone.  They said they will be adding to their food menu since they only have a few items right now.  They also said they were going to get some acoustic musicians come and play so I'm excited to come back for that.  Go check this place out and support local business!  My class bought me a Groupon for this place so I decided to make the drive from central Phoenix down. Loved the decor and the beers. We had a few flights of beer as a group and loved every beer we tried. I personally love sour beers so the fact that they had 2 sours and a gose made me very happy. Out of the 2 sours I loved the mango best, but the hibiscus was still tasty. I just prefer extra tart and the mango delivered. We tried the fried pickles which were good and didn't have too much breading. Our server was great! I'll definitely be back with some friends.  Still love this place and friendly Elizabeth wax my bartender their new menu looks good, but I liked their first menu better as the bruschetta was Awesome!!! And it was so fresh as the guy told me he went to the Farmers Market several times a week which was  huge a plus for me. I still love this place and frequent it when I'm up this way. The groupon was great and we bought 3\r\nBell Road IPA is coming back so I'm excited for that...needs shuffle board and I'd be here every free night and weekend day I had! Or maybe Big Game Hunter  It\'s a decent place, has a way to go as far as the quality of beer. Food is actually better than the beer,  believe it or not. People working there are nice so I can\'t bash the place too much. The beer just left me with a big "meh  This place is pretty new to the craft brew scene.  They have awesome pretzels and the food is alright. The beer is mediocre at best. The only beer they had this I liked was the red ale. The brown ale wasn't bad either. All the rest just seemed like the recipes weren't well thought out or clones of originals. The place was clean, the staff was friendly, and the setting wasn't bad. Just not a 4 star, but close. It's worth going to try something new.  I bought a Groupon for a brewery tour and flights for two.  My husband made the appointment for the tour, Sunday at 2 pm, which was also listed on their website as a tour time.  We arrived at 1:30, thinking we would have a pint first.  There were two people working, one behind the bar and one working the floor.  There was no music on.  The customers seemed "local".  The bartender brought us menus and then was off to fix a bloody mary, which took a long time to make.  She had to retrieve a huge jar of olives from the pantry, put the olives in the drink and then returned this-now-opened jar of olives to a dry, uncooled, pantry.  I\'m pretty sure those should be refrigerated after opening but I\'ll stick to my business...it took us over 8 minutes to get a drink.  We advised we were here for a tour.  She seemed surprised and said that no one was here to give us a tour.  She asked if we had scheduled it.  We had.  She asked who we spoke with.  We did not know.  She asked if it was male or female and what time of day we had made the appt.  A LOT of questions.  Then she advised that maybe the owner\'s father was coming in that he could give us the tour.  We were not sure if we were getting a tour or not at this point, so we ordered food.  The owner\'s father did show up and approach us at the bar.  He was hard to understand and vague; I\'m pretty sure he was intoxicated.  He seemed to dissuade us from the tour, which at this point was not hard to do.  The food was good.  Sunday is all day happy hour with $3 apps.  I had bruschetta and caprese salad.  They were both fresh and tasty.  My husband had a brat and fried pickles; he said they were the best fried pickles he\'d ever had.  I didn\'t even know that was a thing.  I hoped these pickles had been in the fridge unless the jar was just opened.  The Beer was AWESOME, which is the point, right?!  So I would go back for the beer except that, because of the weird service, I won\'t go out of my way to return.  I feel duped out of a tour that I don\'t think they wanted to give.  Food is ok. Service is really really lacking.  They even told us that coming in, hey its kind of a long wait  \r\n\r\nThey have one waitress for the whole room. About 35-40 people there when we arrived.  A meal and drinks that could have been served in an hour took us two hours, and it was not worth the wait.  \r\n\r\nNot sure what the owners are doing.  If they are trying trying to save money on labor, well they will end up losing customers, and money, because no one likes to wait \r\n\r\nSo, best to try other Glendale options until this place gets some serious service, not that Glendale has many good options.  Major disappointment! I was really hoping have a nice local brewery close to me, but this one was just average. I was super excited about there Vanilla, which was just released, and it was a ok. The beer was average, but it was almost warm. It didn't taste as good as it could have because it was not cold. Nothing is as bad as a warm beer.\r\n\r\nI also had the milk stout, and that was a huge let down. The bar tender was kind enough to give me a heads up that the batch did not even turn out the way they intended it to, but they still served it. It was not a true mile stout by any means. It was almost lite, and had no body.\r\n\r\nI was let down but I also had high hopes. I think this place has potential and will grow, but based on what I got it was just average.  I have to knock it down to 4 stars but bump it up to 5 because it\'s still unlike anything else nearby and it reminds me of drinking at the VFW\\/American Legion.\r\n\r\nIf they manage to get the service issues handled time to look out for a bigger spot to expand into because at that point...their skills will be complete. Sometimes, service is slow, plates and glasses sit on the table way too long for my comfort level and there\'s not a lot of friendliness. No one is salty or rude, just a couple "not really warm" servers in rotation. Let\'s make N. Glendale fun, y\'all! Be welcoming n shit! For now, the beers and the food and atmosphere make up for it as far as I\'m concerned.\r\n\r\nI\'d drink their Sahti and Dubina Ale all day. The Blood Orange (when it comes back) is crazy good and the sour beers remind me of drinking kombucha instead of beer (I\'m one of those freaks who loves kombucha). Recently they\'ve had a blueberry and a pomegranate sour on tap. Try a flight if you\'re unsure. \r\n\r\nThe wings w hop sauce are my favorite wings in AZ. Thinking about them right now makes me crave those delicious chicken appendages and their tangy, slightly hot sauce. Their burgers and brats are pretty good, and they come served with ample crispy fries. I\'d still have to recommend getting it started with a pretzel appetizer, however, I opt for the spicy mustard in lieu of the cheese. My personal preference, but your mileage may vary.\r\n\r\nDubina is great for getting a large group together and playing Cards Against Humanity or Jenga or to catch a Dbax or a soccer game on one of the TVs. Everything on the menu is $11 or cheaper and they don\'t mind splitting your bill.\r\n\r\nClosed Mondays because it\'s still a family business. Come out and support a local business the next time you want a beer or a glass of wine!  We love the food and beer!  It's really close to our house..and we will keep coming back!  Still as great as the old Schnitzel Queen, but even better. Really happy for Karl that he found a new home in the same area to keep the tradition alive. And what they've done with the space is beautiful. They even have tables and nice ones! \r\n\r\nOther positive changes include an option to order junior sizes of all the sandwiches, as well as swapping in chicken instead of pork. (Though the chicken is 2 dollars extra). But you have to appreciate those changes for those watching their figure or junior sizes for the kids.\r\n\r\nIf you haven't been before, I'd recommend the King or the Queen. I'm a big fan of their potato salad so I usually go with the Queen. But you can't go wrong with anything at this place. My background is Austrian\\/German so I've had a lot of schnitzel in my day, and I can vouch for this place being totally legit. It's where I go to get my schnitzel fix.  Worst schnitzel I have ever had, Guy seemed to be angry and the kitchen looked dirty I was recommended to check this place out. I was disappointed, I don't recommend.  So tasty!\r\n\r\nEverybody working here is super friendly. We got in and took a seat as we were waiting for one more, the guy comes over and asks if he can bring us a drink while we wait. Our friend was late so the cook comes over and asks what we're thinking of ordering since they're starting to run out of some things (this was an hour before closing), we give our orders and heard them calculating what they have left, including our yet to arrive friend in the calculations, which I found super considerate of them. \r\n\r\nMost people seem to be getting takeout from here so every time I've been here it's been busy but there's been a few free tables. But let's get to the food! The potato salad and sauerkraut are so good! It's shameful how many places can't manage a tasty potato salad in this city. Both the chicken and pork are good options, I tend to prefer the former. The portions are BIG - one sandwich is enough for dinner and lunch the next day for me. Taxes are included in the prices.  Being from Europe, I\'ve been to Austria and Germany and sampled authentic Viennese schnitzels and Sauer kraut, something that is very different from what you find here. I came here for lunch today to try their "authentic" schnitzel. Me and my husband ordered on Vienna Schnitzel and one Gourmet Schnitzel. The first one is a traditional schnitzel served with lemon and a side of potato salad and Sauer kraut. The latter one came with the same sides plus mushroom sauce, roasted onion and fried bacon pieces on top. I have to say I preferred the traditional one. Don\'t get me wrong, the Gourmet dish tasted good but it was just a little too much happening on one plate. My husband on the other hand loved that one. The Sauer kraut is delicious, just enough acidity to elevate the flavour of the schnitzel.\r\nStaff were friendly and welcoming and the chef himself came out and asked us how we liked the food. The one complaint I have is that there\'s not much variety on the menu. Every dish consists of the same type of schnitzel served with a variety of toppings such as onion bacon, sauce etc. \r\nOverall a good experience which is why I\'m giving Schnitzel Queen a 4 star rating.  Amazing sandwich. Very delicious. I had a junior size Queen, and it took me 2 meals to finish it. That's how big it is.  Chicken schnitzel queen sandwich is my go to - serving is huge, chicken is tender, crispy, and not too greasy , it's perfect. Potato salad and carmelized onions in the sandwich go perfectly. Worth the wait, but I usually call ahead and go to pick up. Only wish they were open a bit later!  That mushroom sauce.... Always choose the mushroom sauce! This place is one of Toronto's hidden gems. Although located in a questionable neighbourhood, this is the best place to get schnitzel. The staff are really friendly, service is great and I will definately be returning. By far the best food Ive had in a while, hands down.  This was my first time to the new location and under the new owners.  I can honestly say that the new owners have done an excellent job at keeping the tradition and flavours of the old Schnitzel Queen.  \r\n\r\nI ordered the BLT schnitzel and my boyfriend ordered the King's Schnitzel.  It was the first time that he had ever had schnitzel and he loved it.  We both ordered small potato salads.  Since it was a slow day and they were closing up early they gave us large portions for the price of the small!  I really love the potato salad.  I like that they slice the potatoes thin, and I love the slices of dill pickle that add a little crunch.  The portion sizes are huge.  I ate half of the sandwich for lunch with some potato salad, and the other half for a snack later.  Not quite as good cold (or even re-heated later on).  But still tasty.  I love the flavour of the pork BLT schnitzel.  The onions add a delicious flavour profile to the sandwich.  \r\n\r\nI like the new location b\\/c it's a bit bigger.  The decor is cute and Bavarian, and there are some small and regular size picnic style tables if you want to eat your food there.  Price is spot on, especially considering how much food you get.  \r\n\r\nCan't wait to go back!  This place has the best snadwiches and dinners.Karl is a great friendly guy who prepares and makes eveything fresh...Always a pleasure to eat here ...Try for yourself and then tell yours friends and co workers...They wont be disappointed!!!!!.  Looking for AUTHENTIC schnitzel, made by a guy who was put on this earth to show us all how it's really done?  Go here friends. \r\n\r\nPick whatever you want, chicken or pork, both are amazing.  Want potato salad?  Sure!  Sauerkraut?  No problem!  Mushroom sauce?  BACON?!  What the hell, bring it on!\r\n\r\nHave your mind blown by the pizza sized-perfectly crispy schnitzel.  You could eat just half and be satisfied, but of course you'll stuff your face and try to finish it.\r\n\r\nD  This place is freaking delicious. If you don't like it there is something wrong with you. My go to is the the Schnitzel Supreme dinner with potato salad and sauerkraut.  Just went here for the first time. Such friendly staff and incredible food. Huge portions, and well priced. Will definitely be coming back here again.  I'm no schnitzel expert, but Schnitzel Queen is the best. After discovering this place randomly, I've come back about three times now. It's definitely two meals in one and I always get the Schnitzel King because it comes with with Roasted Bacon, Onions, Sauerkraut & Cheese. Luckily my co worker likes the same one so now we just order one, split it, and its the perfect lunch. Also their potato salad is delicious! They only accept cash and debit and tax is included in the price. You can also order delivery or pick up. The new space is great because it can accommodate more diners. Can't wait until next time when I get that schnitzel craving.  My son took me to the Queen. I was a little leery given the area, but so glad I gave it a chance! Contrary to what other Yelpers have noted, Karl and his staff were very cheerful and attentive. They made a particular fuss over an elderly diner, and carefully helped him choose a meal. I had the Queen and another in my group had the King - whoa! We only managed half, so my teen scored some great leftovers. Next time I would probably skip the sandwich and have the plate. Awesome.  Delicious and huge portion for the schnitzel sandwich and dinner platter. The owners are super friendly also.  The huge schnitzel is simply delicious and satisfying. I couldn't finish the whole sandwich by myself. I usually would get a food coma after the schnitzel. :))) though i don't mind it at all.  Good Day:\r\nThank you for reading my post.\r\nThis restaurant was Horrible and it began with the arrogant staff.  They are not working at the Four Season's although they seemed to think they were.\r\nWhen I arrived I was ignored by the staff for at least 5 minutes.  When I was finally acknowledged  I placed my order to the arrogant staff.  I ordered $35.00 of take out food.\r\nThey were more concerned with acting like baboons behind the counter.  \r\nI asked how long it would take to prepare my order and they didn't know.  \r\nThe arrogance was unbelievable!\r\nI had paid for my order and I stood there waiting for it to be prepared. \r\nIt was now 25 minutes and no order was prepared for me yet!  The staff was more concerned about dancing behind the counter to there music!\r\nI left with nothing, food or money refunded.  \r\nThey did not care.\r\nI told them to take my order and shove it up their collective assholes!\r\nThey laughed at me.\r\nGovern your self accordingly for choosing this dump!  You will be pleased that you didn't.\r\nDorothy who was the owner of the original Schnitzel Queen at Queen and Sherbourne would have been mortified!  God damn. Talk about bag for your buck. Couldn't finish the whole sandwich even if I tried. And flavour? These sandwiches ooze with flavour. Can't go wrong here. Extremely friendly staff as well. All around wonderful establishment.  What a great little place. Long live the 'Queen'! My favourite sandwich on the menu. Huge portion, no kidding. Eating a 1\\/4 sandwich fills me up. Keep up the great work.  Voondah bah, very good service and very delicious schnitzels. Love this place! Very fresh too, made them on the spot not frozen, nice touch I must say.  Still top of their game.  This place is simply amazing for delicious food prepared by caring staff.  The new location just makes a good thing even better.  No longer are you tightly jammed in when you place your order .  Now there is room to stretch out and even tables\\/chairs to use!  Vastly improved comfort thanks to the new space.  I arrived around 2pm to avoid any lunch rush. I was successful as there were only a few patrons. \r\n\r\nThe best way I can describe the restaurant is that it has character (not quite a hole in the wall) and is small.\xc2\xa0\r\n\r\nAnyways onto the food. I ordered the chicken schnitzel plate wish mushroom sauce. I believe the owner prepares each schnitzel to order. I could hear the tenderizer flattening out the chicken breast.\r\n\r\nFor\xc2\xa0$13.50, tax included, you definitely receive a good quantity of food. The schnitzel is huge! The breading on the schnitzel is thin and crisp and the chicken was moist. The mushroom sauce was okay. I would have preferred a thicker consistency, maybe reduced more, so it would cling onto the schnitzel. There wasn't enough sauce. The flavour was interesting. It wasn't rich and it didn't have that satisfying protein (flavour); I'm ambivalent of the sauce.\xc2\xa0\r\nWithout the sauce, the schnitzel did not have much flavour.\xc2\xa0\r\n\r\nThe plate comes with potatoes salad and sauerkraut. The potato salad was lovely. It had an optimal amount of dressing, the potatoes were tender but still firm enough and the addition of the pickles or gurgions was amazing. The briny pickled flavour brightened the potato salad.\r\n\r\nThe sauerkraut I did not enjoy as much. Maybe I'm not accustomed to those flavours, but it tasted weird- potentially too acidic?\r\n\r\n\r\nThe owner is a friendly man.  Best schnitzel I've ever had! Insane portions and friendly staff. Will be returning when back in town  Schnitzel Queen is great food in generous portions at a reasonable price.\r\n\r\nPork or chicken, Jr or Full size, the dinners are a great deal and come with their signature potato salad that has finely chopped pieces of pickle in it, and their sauerkraut which is a bit sweet.\r\n\r\nThey have sandwiches too, but I prefer to get the dinners and have half for lunch and half for dinner,  that is how big the portions are!\r\n\r\nSuper nice owner, and the new location is just a little west of the original location.\r\n\r\nPlus since the previous owner retired and sold it, they now have early evening and Saturday hours!  Bonus!  My pregnant girlfriend is in the hosiptal most likely giving birth today, her only request through the whole process today was schnitzel queen.  Her favourite thing is the carrot celery soup. And this gives me an excuse to pick up the oh so delicious A La Bernard. If this isnt compelling enough to make this place a regular pit stop for food, i dont know what would.  Not many German restaurants in Toronto so this is a rare find. Their menu makes it look like you have a lot of options but it can be simplified into: Do you want a schnitzel in a sandwich or a plate? All the options on the menu only make a very very slight difference in terms of your toppings.\r\n\r\nWhatever you order, chances are it comes with sauerkraut and potato salad. Their mushroom sauce is amazing. The Schnitzel itself is lightly battered, and seasoned just enough. \r\n\r\nI have nothing to compare it to in Toronto. It's similar to Japanese\\/Korean tonkatsu I guess? But the German version emphasizes more on large surface area whereas the Asian ones are more focused on making it more crispy and adding sauce.\r\n\r\nGood taste and good value too. The meat portion is quite good for that price point. I would consider this if I'm in the area.  Recently discovered this little gift and have been a regular ever since!  Fantastic, fresh, delish.  Don't wait, run there now!  My first time at Queen Schnitzel, even though not in the greatest part of town. The sandwich makes up for the surroundings. I had the Queen version of their sandwich. I could not believe the size of the full serving, but the taste definitely matches the size. I will be back again.  I've been here a couple of times and I definitely plan on coming back for more and more and more. The place has a great history - it's been passed from owner to owner to owner but each one has proudly adhered to tradition and the current one has taken great care of the place and the menu. The atmosphere is kept traditional and reminiscent of old German architecture and decor and service is friendly and quick. The times we've gone, my friend and I have always ordered the gourmet schnitzel (which comes with potato salad and sauerkraut on the side and mushroom sauce, bacon, and onions loaded on top of the schnitzel). We've tried both the full-sized pork ($13.50 incl. tax) and chicken ($14.50 incl. tax) and, although there honestly isn't a big taste difference between the two meats, we preferred the chicken - it had more of a tender texture. What makes the meal worth it is the amount of food you get for the price you pay. The schnitzel covers more than half the plate (it's a large plate) it's served on and comes loaded with toppings and the potato salad is probably one of the best I've ever had and it comes in a fairly large portion too - the potato comes in chunks and bits and it's seasoned perfectly to complement the schnitzel. The sauerkraut on the side adds acidity to the meal to balance out the flavours. My friend and I always talk about going back and, after one try of their schnitzel, you'll see why. A definite recommend. Their menu offers a good-sized variety - you can order your schnitzel as a dinner (which is what we did) or as a sandwich. Toppings for your schnitzel vary from optional sweet and sour chili sauce - Regular Schnitzel sandwich, to ham, onions, and cheese - Cordon Blue Sandwich, to Fried Eggplant dinner and Fried Cheese dinner. You can even order and\\/or take home their delicious potato salad and sauerkraut as side orders.  Acceptable at best. For me a large portion doesn't make up for substandard quality. Quantity over quality does not work for me,  for some it does. I suspect the McDonalds generation would love it here. I originally saw this place on dragons den and thought it would be worth a try, instead it tried me.... Its cute, small click-ish (not friendly) and just ok. Flavourless.  After driving by for too many years and thinking I really gotta try this place. They moved locations but I still managed to drive right by all the time. FINALLY TODAY was the day.  Why didn't I go in sooner ? \r\nGreat helpful friendly staff. All I got for takeout was very plain 2 Pork Schnitzels on a Bun. They told me that's called A Brown on Brown. They were great crispy on the outside very tender on the inside and they were huge. Will be back real soon to have a dinner with all the fixings.  I had the pork Schnitzel King (comes with bacon, caramelized onions) and loved it.  A generous portion with nicely balanced flavours that would be insulting to label as "fast food" even though the service was extremely fast (and friendly, and funny) and the sandwich was a very reasonable $11 including tax.  The decorum only adds to the appeal.  \r\n\r\nMy friends and I have been looking for a solid sandwich spot to fill the void left after San Francesco changed owners and I can honestly say that Schnitzel Queen fits the bill.  Check it out.  The schnitzel (which is sort of like a pork or chicken cutlet) was excellent. I also loved the small restaurant "where everyone knows your name" feel. The owner and worker were very friendly.  I freaked out as he opened the fridge and pulled out a slice of 'singles' process cheese. Really? That's what i am going to be eating? I haven't purchase processed cheese for years. The buns are from Costco. \r\n\r\nBut this place is the best because the owner is quirky, loves his business, and makes a great schnitzel sandwich. Prices are tax included. The sandwiches are enormous so come with an empty stomach or a skinny friend. And you know what, the process cheese makes it! I will always make an exception for Schnitzel Queen. \r\n\r\nAre you tired of making your own sandwich? Give Karl a call, he will take care of you.  This is the best schnitzel in the GTA hands down. The meat is perfectly cooked and tender every time. The King is especially awesome with the fried onions and bacon.  Although I am usually a cheese snob I agree with those that say the processed cheese works here.  And it's enormous to boot. Would definitely feed two (or yourself twice. Service is great and friendly and the new location is an improvement. All hail the Queen!  I had a lunch meeting to organize yesterday and of course I'm still going to take the opportunity to try something new.  I'm not one to order online but I found ordering from Just Eat to be really easy and amazing selection of restaurants to choose from.  I decided to try Schnitzel Queen after reading all the great reviews on Yelp.  It's such a nice way to make a meeting more exciting with an interesting lunch.\r\n\r\nMy colleagues and I were super excited to try this new place.  It was the first time for all 3 of us.  I got the Vienna Schnitzel dinner Pork, my colleagues got the Gourmet Schnitzel dinner Pork and the Queen Schnitzel sandwich.  We all thought it was delicious.  The portions were huge and love the sides of potato salad and sauerkraut.  We asked for the potato salad and sauerkraut on the side for the sandwich because they will put it in the sandwich.  When I called them, they said that they will make an exception to put it on the side.  I'm sure that we are not the only ones who would prefer the potato salad not in the sandwich.\r\n\r\nI would definitely order from here again!  It's unreal how good this place is, hands down best schnitzel I've ever had. Even the junior plates are a ton of food and are quite affordable.  Very overrated. Came here ending very ending of September, got a queen schnitzel with bacon... the toppings were weird and not very flavorful,  expected a lot more because the reviews are so great. Doubt I'd come back, ambiance was very unprofessional and the food was very undesirable. The staff were very snarky. Just didn't enjoy my overall experience. Sandwich was just ok.  Schnitzel Queen is a small restaurant located on the Southwest corner of Queen and Sherbourne in Corktown that specializes in schnitzels. Schnitzels is meat usually veal, pork or chicken that's been thinned by a meat tenderizer, coated with flour, beaten eggs and bread crumbs, and then fried.\r\n\r\nSchnitzel Queens lays claim to having the best schnitzel in town and they are probably right. The term hole in the wall is a term loosely thrown around by foodies but hole in the wall gem is a perfect description for Schnitzel Queen. Here's why.\r\n\r\nEvery time I go, I normally order the Chicken Gourmet Schnitzel ($14.50 tax included) which consists of a large piece of chicken schnitzel topped with a mushroom sauce, bacon, caramelized onions along with a potato salad and sauerkraut. The schnitzel is cooked perfectly, chicken is juicy and tender inside and the outside bread coating is nice and light. The mushroom sauce, bacon and caramelized onions are perfect toppings to the dish. The potato salad is great, nicely seasoned and just the right amount of creaminess. The portions are huge, the food is outstanding and is very very reasonably priced for what you are getting.\r\n\r\nThe service is top notch and the staff are always so friendly. It's always great to support local small businesses that makes amazing food.\r\n\r\nThe only downside is it's located in probably one of the worst neighbourhoods in the city but the area is generally safe in the day. Also, the rent is cheaper in that area and they are able to pass on the savings to customers which is reflected in the pricing. For what you are receiving food and quality wise, the food is very very reasonably priced. You go to restaurants for the food and not the neighbourhood.  oh my. Why hadn't I heard about this place sooner? Great food, well priced, friendly service. The portions are enormous. I tried really hard to finish a junior queen schnitzel in one sitting, but there just was no room. We had a group order (various sandwiches) and everyone thought their meal was delicious! \r\n\r\nSchnitzel Queen, I'm impressed. i will be back.  Best schnitzels in Toronto. I ordered an Vienna Schnitzel plate. It was massive. The schnitzel was probably 10 inches in diameter and was served with hand made potato salad and sauerkraut. \r\nMy chef instructor at George Brown recommended this place to me. The chef here really cares about the food he puts out. Nice cozy neighborhood hidden restaurant vibe. I would recommend this place to everyone. More people need to eat here. Schnitzel Queen does food the right way.  This review should have been written after my first visit but alas, it was incomplete as I didn't have a chance to really try the big attraction here...No, I'm not referring to the schnitzel although that is good!  \r\n\r\nNo, I'm referring to the renowned customer service by Karl and the potato salad.\r\n\r\nYou see, I came here on a dreary, rainy Thursday afternoon and it was unassuming.  You see, I've read about this place at great length and heard my sister rave about this place.  You see, I don't like to venture out too far east of Yonge that often because, well...It's out of the way and I don't like to venture into unfamiliar surroundings.  \r\n\r\nHere's the deal.  The day we went, I wanted to go check out the new Sak's at The Bay.  Afterwards, we got here and were disappointed when informed they were sold out of potato salad.  My sister was not happy at all.  It was my fault for asking to go into Sak's.  To make matters worse, the guy who must have ordered us got his schnitzel dinner, complete with potato salad.\r\n\r\nWe wanted to try the potato leek soup but alas, like the potato salad, that was sold out too.  We shared a King and let me tell you.  It was great!  I normally don't like sauerkraut and the idea of kraft singles on a cutlet didn't sound too appetizing.  But let me tell you, that sandwich was incredible!  So much so that I still think about it now.  \r\n\r\nWhile we were waiting for food, a bunch of people came in.  I mean, this place was full of people just waiting to order or waiting to pay.  It was packed.  I told Karl we were hoping to try the potato salad as that was the main attraction, he was sympathetic but said it's hard to figure out when a big rush is going to happen.  The girl was very friendly and polite, Karl on this day was busy serving up food and talking to a few locals but mostly he was working.  \r\n\r\nFast forward, Easter Monday.  I was still feeling guilty for causing my sibling to miss out on potato salad (she went to lengths to remind me that she wished she had it).  So I decide to walk down to Schnitzel Queen.  However, this time I decided to call first and make sure there was potato salad before I came.\r\n\r\nI will spare you further narratives and get to the point.  Karl was much friendlier this time, the place wasn't packed and the food was amazing.  Some people complain that it's quantity not quality but these people are too picky IMO.  The schnitzel is very large but it's also tasty and it's paired with nice fixings!  I don't like egg in my potato salad, and pickles are seldom an ok food.  Yet they are in the potato salad!  It's amazing!  One more thing that makes this potato salad awesome you ask?  Unlike other potato salads which have chunks of potatoes, Schnitzel Queen features thin slices of potatoes.  \r\n\r\nThey say business is very brisk during the summer, but I hope they do well.  I'll make the trek down here when I can to support this place.  Prices are taxes included.  That way I don't have to figure out taxes, math can be difficult for some of us!\r\n\r\nOh, yes before I forget.  Their desserts are sometimes made in house and sometimes from elsewhere.  I got the creme puff and it was well priced for $3.  \r\n\r\nThe bread may not be crusty here, but the schnitzel compensates for it.  Plus, if you're talkative, you may find yourself having engaging conversations with Karl, Mustache guy (I didn't get your name) or the friendly girl (is that a real German accent?)  Yesterday craving for german food. Found this small restaurant near my place. Their schnitzel pork chops taste like homemade (i were so surprised) and try their mushroom sauce is so delicious because they use alot of onion enchance the flavour. Definitely come back again.  Karl is a customer service God.  The schnitzels are great.  But I found the mushroom gravy lacking.  Now when I go I "hold" the gravy.\r\nThe potato salad is the reigning champion here.  Best place for Schnitzel in Toronto.  The quality and size of portions plus affordable price can't be beat anywhere  else.  The schnitzels are huge and hammered thin, the way it's supposed to be, still, giant portions and the option for half size at the new location.  The new restaurant is clean, comfortable, much larger than the last and decorated really well with a Bavarian Chalet feel.  Karl the new owner is great and nice to talk to!  I write this in the midst of a food coma.  Food was excellent and worth the visit.   \r\n\r\nHad the gourmet schnitzel with the fixings.  this place caught my attention after I caught an episode of Dragon's Den where Schnitzel Queen was on asking for an investor to expand.Glad this place found their new location within the same 'hood.Think they should have at least one location in the east,and west end of Toronto.I am hoping when traffic allows,this place will have extended hours on those days only.Allowing people to come in for dinner.Like others,I really liked the food ordered:schnitzel plate I had  included their potato salad, sauerkraut,plus mushroom sauce.That potato salad was one of the better ones,maybe they can sell in a larger format for walk-in retail? In just an hour,there was steady,late lunch traffic coming in.Such a laid back environment,where you received a greeting,and could just stare at the chalkboard menu to choose your food without pressure.  *****5 STAR Schnitzel perfected and prepared with great attention to quality...super generous helpings with a business owner who cares for service day in and day out!!!!....keep up the great work Karl!!!\r\n\r\n...the restaurant interior has never stopped evolving into an artistic and fun place to enjoy a European hearty and delicious culinary expedition...just ENJOY!...  I was in town from the US for a show at the Convention Centre, and heard this place was great. Drove over for lunch. Got the King w\\/ chicken. Went to pay, only to find their machine wouldn't take my US debit card, nor ANY credit cards, and I had $1 USD on me. I was about to walk away, when the guy behind the counter handed me the sandwich and told me to have a nice day! \r\n\r\nThe verdict: one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten. Soft bread, a beautiful schnitzel cutlet, topped with lettuce, bacon, carmelized onions, cheese, mayo and sauerkraut. Only issue was I ate it in the car in the Convention Centre parking garage and needed WAY more than the two napkins I got to contain the deliciousness. \r\n\r\nHighly recommended!  Wow - really great sandwiches for a great value. I can easily split the Queen schnitzel sandwich with a friend and be stuffed. At $6.50 each that's a damn cheap meal. We brought ours home and steamed up some broccoli on the side. Will be back!  I used to love this place!  Not anymore!  \r\n\r\nThe front of house staff didn\'t even acknowledge me when I came in.  Yes, I might\'ve seemed a bit focused on the menu.  That\'s probably because I was getting my head wrapped around the new prices for pork, chicken or a junior sized meal.  When I was asked if I could be helped, I said I would like the gourmet dinner.  I stood there, wondering, should I pay?  Take a seat?  After a few minutes, I asked how long it would take, and the answer was: "I have to feed all of these people first." while gesturing around to seated customers with no food.  15 minutes?  20 minutes?  Whatever.  I found it somewhat rude.  That was my cue to abort my schnitzel mission.  \r\n\r\nI vividly remember the days when Karl was working with the original couple, probably undergoing training of sorts.  Friendly, talkative, and welcoming.  Now that he\'s probably the one pounding that schnitzel like the gentleman used to, his employees look completely uninterested in being there. \r\n\r\nThe one good thing is that prices include the taxes.  The one guy with a sandwich seemed pretty happy, it looked good.  \r\n\r\nI miss the original owners.  I hope they\'re enjoying their well-deserved retirement!  I love getting schnit-faced at the Queen! Although I do prefer ordering the King. Sometimes with real cheese, but the fake stuff actually works here with its creaminess. It's a beast of a sandwich. Meat is tender, fried perfectly. The caramelized onions and bacon are gold. I have yet to have a better schnitzel in Toronto, every time I order one somewhere else they wither in comparison.\r\n\r\nI find it funny that I'm a student at George Brown, literally a 3 minute walk away, and no one knows about you guys! Do some advertising with the students. Us culinary's love to eat. \r\n\r\nThe only thing I would change is the salads. Put some flavour in the coleslaw! vinegar, celery seeds, pepper, salt!! For the potato salad, add some dijon, lemon, herbs. Trust in the spices.  This place was the last stop on a Saturday restaurant tour of some spots around the Dundas east area. I had not had a schnitzel in a very long time so was definitely looking forward to checking this place out. The inside of the restaurant has this Alpine Chalet feel to it because of the various items and painted art-work that are decked out on the walls. Pretty warm and cozy vibe to it because it was definitely chilly outside that day.\r\n\r\nI split a Schnitzel King Junior sandwich with a friend in our group. The sandwich was filled with roasted bacon, caramelized onions, sauerkraut and sliced cheese and a very bright green leaf of lettuce. The schnitzel tasted good and the coating was crispy enough and the flavor of fillings did not overwhelm each other. I'm just glad the taste of the sauerkraut did not permeate through each bite of the sandwich. Despite it being a junior, the sandwich is big enough to fill you up if you're not very hungry during lunch. \r\nTwo other friends split a Schnitzel dinner with mushroom sauce, roasted potatoes and sauerkraut. That also came out looking appetizing with a pretty hefty amount of sauerkraut.\r\n\r\nThis is first schnitzel place I've eaten in a very long time and no disappointment about the meal.  Seriously good & seriously big portions! Before my first visit I already have an idea, based on other patrons' comments, of how big their servings are. When I got the chance to drop by, I planned to take out the pork Queen and share with the missus. Having been raised in an Asian home, we cannot eat this just with the bread itself. Are you kidding me?! There has to be rice! & lots of it!  My bf and I ordered a sandwich and a dinner plate through Justeat. \r\nWow I truly enjoyed every single component of my dish. I am not a huge fan of potato salad, but I finished this one wishing there was more. Great job on making it not too heavy by adding generous amount of dill and sourness. Sauerkraut was more than just sour pickled cabbage. The chicken schnitzel was cooked to the perfection. It was juicy on the inside and crispy and light on the outside. The highlight of the meal was def. mushroom sauce. It was just so flavorful and made this dish ten times even better. I never finished a container of sauce before. I could eat it by itself. The schnitzel sandwich was literally the size of my face (and my face is not that small haha). Lettuce was fresh and they did not skimp on caramelized onions. \r\n\r\nWe def plan on visiting the place and dine in there.  Went there on a thurday evening. Arrived at 6:30pm and ordered our meals, was told that the potato salad was sold out, we took the discount instead of doubling the other side. \r\n\r\nAs we walked out at 7:30pm, we were surprised that they actually close at 7pm. The server didnt kick us out or notify us that they close at 7pm!!! They were happy that we enjoyed our meals as we walked out.\r\n\r\nWith such good food and great service, this worthy first 5star review.  This is one of my favourite places to eat! The chicken schnitzel sandwhich is huge ($13) so if you just want a snack, ask for half a sandwhich. It's made fresh and the venue looks like a small german beer hall. The chicken is crispy and juicy on the inside and the mayo and lettuce on a bun is a perfect combo. A bit pricey but it's my go-to lunch treat if you are around Queen and Sherbourne. It's a busy spot for the work-lunch crowd so come early or order from Ritual.  The best bang for you buck! Great portion size, and extremely tasty! Slowly becoming an all time favourite.  Just visited Prague restaurant after almost 10years. Lot of changes and fortunately all of them are positive. I would start with a new owner and very good services... that should be the main reason for everybody who heard about the place in past to come and give it a seceond chance.\r\n\r\nI hope it will remain as it is now - friendly staff, very good Czech kitchen and reasobable prices.\r\n\r\nFor anyone new, who never heard of the Prague restaurant, definitely try it. Very good european dishes and great beer picks on tap.  Jak se m\xc3\xa1te? Impressive, huh? I know. Anyway, the Czech are not known for veggies or salads (I should know) - so really come here expecting to eat meat. You will be glad you did. First phone before you go because they often have private functions. It's a bit of a round about way to drive to, and you park next to the restaurant (you'll see this little sort of gazebo thingy next to the parking lot) pass that down the hill, to the second door for the restaurant entrance. There are coat racks there you can leave your stuff on. You'll be greeted by one of the two women who work there. They will seat you - and if you're in the in-crowd, you may even be fortunate enough to be seated with a view of the (actually much more scenic than it sounds) Scarborough Golf Club. Since we all know that Czech beer is the best, you need to order some. How? Pivo prosim (beer please). Then you should order the breaded mushrooms (you don't need 'em but they are tasty). Then, just go for the gold, get your money's worth and order the Bohemian Platter for Two ($29.50 - a great price). On it, you'll get:  Pork schnitzel, two kinds of roasted meat, two kinds of cabbage (zeli - the purple is my fave) topped with debrecine sausage and served with home fried potatoes and dumplings. If you're a suck (or skinny) just order the pork roast with purple sauerkraut (still zeli) so tender, juicy and flavourful, balanced by the crunchy tartness of the cabbage. Yum! Oh, and if you can manage - order dessert - get the crepes with apricot jam (although I do want to try to strawberry dumplings, I'm sure they'll be good too). Go for a nice stroll after dinner - you'll need it to work off all that yummy food!  We booked a celebration for 20 people.  The staff gladly met with us and we preselected items for the customized menu to suit all tastes. On the day the service was outstanding.  The atmosphere was cozy and warm with a piano player in the background.  The food - too good to describe.  The view is looking over the golf course.  A beautiful setting.  If you are looking for a European experience, this is it!  Everyone in our party commented on the food, staff, setting and restaurant as being wonderful.  Special thanks to Bronia and Martin who truly care about the customer.\r\nAlso - not French food as listed but Czech.  Brilliant food and service. Came here for a birthday party and I cannot get the wonderful tasting food out of my palette or dreams. We were served by a wonderful young ( and beautiful! ) girl who I think was named Emily??? -- At any rate she was so wonderful and took the time to explain all the dishes to us ( as we are west indian and had no clue ) \r\nI had the beef stroganoff and it was amazing. My wife had the cheese schnitzel and it was the BOMB.COM!!! My brother had the perogies and they even were so sweet to bring out a free dessert for him cause it was his birthday. Dinner for 3 with a bottle of wine, after dinner drinks and a beer was only $100 (before tax n tip) that is a steal of a deal, They have a wonderful outdoor patio\\/verandah that overlooks a grass valley of a golf course with nice views. I highly recommed this place and we will be back several times. Great food and service.  Nice on a snowy evening - very remote and quiet - traditional Czech and Slovak food.  They know how to make very simple things taste great.  what happens when you phone a restaurant to pre-order ahead and upon arrival no prep. Work has been done for you.  What happens when you call 4x and talk to too many and they give you assumption that upon arrival that a plate of food will be nicely done and you are famished on a late Friday, but yet again nothing was done.  You ask them "why", their rude, incomprehensible response is " we don\'t know you and you eat when everyone eats "  Since WHEN Does a restaurant has everyone eating at EXActly the SAme TIme!!!!!!  If you are not Czech or East European, you will be better off eating at a local burger joint with a friendly hello and much efficient hospitality and satisfaction.  Near full house, no happy looking faces and it was near\\/pass 7:30Pm., not in the mood with their low class off the scale inhospitable treatment, I left for others to fend for themselves esp. The 2 hostesses married but the wife did not side with me.  Much too stupid and lack of maturity to run a dinner club, wish it\\/she gets kick off the site, she has trouble getting people to rejoin her for other gatherings, it shows!  By the way, photographs displayed after their dinner were pathetic (A piece of overly cooked meat and a FEW PIECES OF CARROTS, CELERY, ONION.  I am not a trained chef, but even I CAN PRODUCE A FAB MEAL WITH SAVOURY SAUCE, UNBELIVEABLE HOW SOME RESTOS AS SUCH TRIES TO GET AWAY WITH THIS. )  Total WASTE OF TIME MONEY AND TOO MUCH HEALTHY AIR USED UP BY UNGRATEFUL UNDESIRABLES IN OUR BEAUTIFUL T.O. SCARB., ON.  HOPE public health puts final nail on this place.  Also, I had some difficulty finding place because it\'s local is at the end of a Dead end street, no signs visible, a somewhat friendly lady with her dog helped by directing me to, but she said this resto is all Czech, and then she smiled and left.  It was a sign that I should have turned around right away to leave instead of a total waste of my time. And starvation of madness!!!  They should know never cross a women in this fashion!!!\r\n.  Had to go back home 1.5Hrs. Later to order wholesome chinese food and destroy a perfectly restored pair of $150 Old shoes, sole and heel fell apart walking on their EXTREMELY POORLY PAVED STREET\\/DRIVEWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  2nd time here with a group. Sizzling mushrooms excellent but service is slow & drink selection poor & stingy in alcoholic & non alcoholic. Menu says coolers, there are none. "Manhatan" was 2 sips. Diet coke was warm even with ice cubes in a tiny glass. Beef stroganoff had tiny pieces of beef, hardly any mushrooms, no noodles & thin bland sauce with no sour cream. It was mostly celery & green peppers. Schnitzel was the only generous serving. Cook & staff have let what should be a good ethnic restaurant run down. They even let the paper towels in the women\'s washroom run out.  What a wonderful find! We loved the cozy Czech-inspired atmosphere and decor. Also great service and lovely menu items! So happy to have discovered this little piece of Europe in my own town.  Belle d\xc3\xa9couverte, excellente cuisine maison, probablement l'un des meilleurs resto sur la rive sud. Martha tr\xc3\xa8s sympathique et accueillante :)  We primarily like to support local chef-owned restaurants but sadly off Tashereau and Dix 30, there's really not much of that to go around. So we were very happy to discover cosy Bohemia. Can't believe it's been around for decades and yet we just found them. \r\nThe food was decent but the atmosphere and service were really lovely.  Had lunch on Tuesday, when its difficult to find open resto in this area.\r\n\r\nIm too new to tell whats Czech cuisine, but this place is definitely satisfying as a restauant. heartful service, delicious cuisine, pretty interior with hidden private atmosphere. we can also feel their love and pride of their own culture, and i love this kind of family owned restaurant very much.\r\n\r\nthis place is full of beautiful goods from Prague, like photos, ornaments etc...its absolutely worth to visit and ask them about one of the most beautiful city in the world.  Went there a couple of weeks ago with friends who frequent the place and we loved it.\r\n\r\nThe server was quite friendly and answered any questions we had about the menu . \r\n\r\nI ordered the roasted duck leg which was served with a braised cabbage and dumplings, the duck leg was crispy on the outside and moist on the inside, the dumplings were fluffy and the cabbage delicious. My daughter had the beef stroganoff which she said was really good and my husband had a steak which was perfectly cooked. One of our dining companions had the pigs knuckles and sauerkraut and the other two had sauerbraten (If remember correctly) which was also served with dumplings. We all did a very good job of polishing off our plates the only thing left on mine was bone from the duck leg. \r\n\r\nGood beers and we had a shot of Silvovice at the end of the night that really hit you where you live. Can't wait to go back!  This is one of those hidden gems of CDN,\r\nWent there after seeing it a year ago but never really got the motivation to go until I saw the ratings here in Yelp and boy we were not disappointed! It is a small restaurant, family owned and operated, cozy and with a house like feel to it. We tried the p\xc3\xa2t\xc3\xa9 de foie as a starter it was really good, probably the best I have tried so far in Montreal. Main courses were the Goulash for my wife and the Pig's knuckle with sauerkraut and dumplings for me, everything was delicious! I definitely recommend this place if you're nearby and with an appetite (portions are good to big).  My Czech cousin loved this authentic Czech restaurant.  It is family owned with mom doing the cooking and the daughter serving.  They are fluent in Czech, French and English and probably a few other languages.  The beef and snitzel  dishes were delicious.  The tilapia was ordinary.  The atmosphere is homey and friendly.  Brought my mother here, as I knew she\'d enjoy St. Joseph\'s Cathedral. We sat on the steps and it was a beautiful experience for both of us to see the views. \r\n\r\nThen, to make things even better, we happened upon Prague Restaurant. We were feeling adventurous; I mean, Czech food?! But it\'s a good thing we did.\r\n\r\nShe had trout, and I had sole. It was not light, but both were so yummy! Even the house white wine was well-chosen. And the waitress was actually Czech, which was cool. In the U.S. the waitstaff is never the nationality of the restaurant. She was really nice. At the end, I ordered a liquor called "slivovice", which is NOT for the faint of heart. My mother has a taste for these things, so she liked it...but it really is strong! \r\n\r\nIt\'s nice inside, and cozy. The food is tasty and portions are perfect. Are you hungry?  Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful!   The tap beer was cold and delicious.   The liver pate was smooth and tasty.  The roasted pig knuckles and duck leg was scrumptious.   If you haven't been...go!  This place does not disappoint....still the good service, excellent food and quiet ambiance...I love it  This place is much better than you might expect.  The food is really really good.  Homemade, good service, good beer.\r\nYes the dishes have an old fashioned presentation, but the flavor is there.  And yes the decor is a bit old fashioned, but clean.  But the food is really good.\r\nSo if you're one who does not judge the book by the cover, you'll like this place.  Give it a try.  Great food.  We come to this small restaurant with our Montreal Czech friends.  Love the j\xc3\xa4ger with the mushroom sauce and the dumplings.  Not too pricy and good atmosphere.  I usually start with the pate.  Highly recommend this restaurant to everyone. 