Went here a few weeks ago. Definitely a family oriented atmosphere. We came on a Saturday night in which they also have Salsa music and dancing towards the end of the night which was good. The food was good and ....plenty lol. The only downside was the long wait for the rest our food, but all in all, a good place to eat Caribbean food.  I've been wanting to go to Punta Cana for a while now, but I hate driving on South Boulevard. It stands from its surroundings (despite being in what looks like an old Wendy's) because of its bright colors and the palm trees out front. It was mostly empty on the inside and we were seated promptly. My wife and I both ordered mofongo (something I fell in love with during a trip to Puerto Rico last summer) - hers with fried pork and mine with fried pork belly. I liked the mofongo, but the pork belly was slightly overcooked and dry - almost as if it was cooked earlier and reheated for me. The portion was bigger than we expected. I finished mine barely, my wife got her leftovers to go. This is the only place I know of in Charlotte to find mofongo and it was pretty good, so we'll be back (but next time I'll get the fried pork or steak).  Just got back from Puerto Rico so I wanted to see what the food was like here in the mainland.   Perlin (roasted pork) mofungo and plantanos maduros (fried ripe plantains).  Food took a while to get but it was worth the wait!  Wow!  What a great hidden treasure!  Lots of locals.  Which is a good sign that it is true to customs.  Instantly greeted with a smiling face.  Ask for Karen.  Great with recommendations and attentive. We had the queso frito for an appetizer, delicious.  Well formed, caramelized cheese without the breading.  Our main course was Churrasco for the main meal with moufundo and flan for dessert.  Very reasonably priced, seasoned just right, mild on spice.  Delicious.  Such good Spanish food! Dominican food at its finest! We love coming here with the family. Great prices for the amount of food.  The food is delicious and the prices are great. If you want authentic Dominican food in Charlotte, Punta Cana is the place to go.\r\n\r\nThe service is hit or miss, depending on the server; but it's worth it for the food. My husband and I don't live close, but we frequently make the journey just for the food. I definitely recommend coming here. You just need to ignore the occasional slow service.  Finally some good Caribbean food! Our whole table had Stewed Goat, Rice with Red Beans and fried Plantains. Every bite was flavorful and the portions were huge. The Music was great and the server was a pleasure. We were also delighted that the owner came to check on us.  Food was tasty. Service was prompt, and friendly. The portions were the right amount.   came right before Christmas with family of 6. My father in law and son and I had the pork. Very good.  My wife and I liked the atmosphere and prices.  I have given Punta Cana a couple chances, but I probably won\'t be going back. Especially with Los Paisas a half a block away, and quite frankly, more conveniently located. \r\n\r\nThe food was good, but not anything I considered memorable. What was consistent and memorable was the sense that we were not welcome. I\'m not completely ignorant... I went in knowing it is a Caribbean restaurant, not Mexican. I have traveled fairly extensively in the Caribbean and don\'t think I come off as a know-it-all arrogant American. Each visit was just my daughter (fluent in Spanish, unlike her Dad) and me. \r\n\r\nOn the first visit I thought it might just be a bad night, or a pissed off server. The second visit was worse than the first. It seemed as if they were going out of their way to serve everyone else but ignore us!  It may just be me, but one would think they would encourage and embrace the patronage of mainstream America.  I guess they figure they have a high enough density of "friendlies" to keep the doors open.\r\n\r\nIf you "fit in" you seem to receive a warm welcome and attentive service. If you\'re an outsider, consider visiting Los Paisas instead.\r\n\r\nUpdate:   Los Paisas Columbian restaurant is now Las Palmas Columbian & Cuban Cuisine...across South Blvd., behind Panda Express.  The food is good but you need to check your bill for they will try to add other things that you didn't order so be aware before paying  Just left after having some of the worst service I've had in a long time. They sat us then forgot about us for about 15min then came and got our drink order and again forgot is for another 15min. Then came back for our food order didn't write it down and came back 10min later asking what my husbands entree was again. Then disappears and services my husband first and I don't get my food for another 10min and comes with the wrong side dish. We never received our appetizer and decide to give it to us as we are leaving. Don't get me wrong the food was good but the service was horrible.  You know a Dominican place is legit when you walk in and you have a table of guys playing dominoes in the sun room. \r\n\r\nIt was my first time here and I ordered off the Especialidades de la Casa section of the menu because I wanted two sides to come with my entree. I chose the Chivo Guisado (Stewed Goat) with Arroz Amarillo (yellow rice) and Platanos Maduros (sweet plantains). I hate to brag, but I WON dinner. My goat was tender and the sauce that the goat was cooked in was rich in flavors. The rice was cooked well and didn't need anything added but I still poured all of the stew sauce on the rice. The plantains were so sweet and fried perfectly, crispy on the outside, warm and comforting on the inside. \r\n\r\nMy boyfriend got the Bistec de Palomilla (Sirloin Steak) and he chose to do Mofongo. I was very excited to try the Mofongo because it was my first time. The Mofongo was thick and filling and had Chicharron in it which was a nice addition. I ended up putting hot sauce on the portion that was shared with me. I think that I was so swayed by my meal that his tasted bland. \r\n\r\nI also ordered a mango juice with milk that was made in a shake form which was wonderful! All portions were huge, the service was good and we would definitely recommend this place to anyone.  Omg the moving is greattttt. There steak sandwich is great. I heard they have a get parties on Fri -Sat.  The food here is amazing, I have been here a few times, it's real authentic Dominican food. I brought my co-workers here on a few occasions. I've tired half the menu and have loces everything i've tired so far!\r\n\r\nI'd give 5 stars, the food is amazing and they give huge portions (always have left overs for lunch next day) but the service sucks and seems to get worse with every trip.\r\n\r\nIn order to get water re-filled after having been seated for over an hour, I had to grab another waiter (who also tried to ignore my attempts of grabbing her attention) and the food takes a while to be prepared ( which is okay because it's delicious) but the waiters basically ignore your table until then.\r\n\r\nBut again don't let that stop you from eating here! Maybe just take your food to go! Which is what I've been doing if late!  This is a Dominican spot but serves Caribbean plates from Puerto Rico, Cuba etc...  Having been born and raised in Puerto Rico, my wife and I always search for caribbean places like this when we move to a new city.  Having just moved to Charlotte 2 years ago from Chicago, this was the first place we ate at.  Big fans.  Food is very authentic and reminds us of home.  Decent prices and they serve way more than enough.  I recommend the white rice and red beans with fried pork chops and tostones (fried plantains) as a side.  Really enjoyed the food and service, me and my wife just entered 20 min before closing, on a Sunday night after bowling with friends and they were more than nice to accommodate us and provided a really great hassle free service.\r\nStaff was able to accommodate our special request for customizing our food a little bit.\r\nOverall a good experience and a different cuisine to try.\r\nWe sure will be going back for some different dish this time.  I absolutely LOVE this place! My husband has been several times but yesterday was my first time going. Our food was OUTSTANDING & there was plenty of it. We are from Florida and this is the closest we have come to food back home. My husband is also Puerto Rican and PR cuisine is sorely lacking in Charlotte, as you know, and this is as close to PR food that can be found for miles. Our waitresses were outstanding and I loved seeing younger kids who appeared to be family members helping out delivering bread. I felt so at home. Thank you Punta Cana for this awesome experience!  where to start.... \r\nservice: \r\nour servers took long to tend to us and we had to call them to bring refills. when I thanked her for the refill she said nothing. \r\n\r\nthe food:\r\npastelitos:\r\ndecent, more sason but still ok.\r\n\r\nChurrasco (skirt steak). \r\nthis was a very chewy meat and it's was not properly grilled, seems like they seared it on a pan. my rice had a burnt after taste and smell. the beans........boring\r\n\r\nwife's food:\r\ntostones where not properly pressed and then dipped back in the fryer, they just chopped the plantain and fried em!\r\n\r\nchichrron de pollo was ridiculously bland. that batter was like a KFC chicken rip off with no flavor. this  dish should be tangy with chicken that is marinated. \r\n\r\nconclusion: not worh it. the only way people would like this place would be if they have not eaten at la casa de mofongo in the Bronx in NYC, or la roca in providence Rhode Island. this is a poor showing of Dominican food. if you are impressed with this food then your palate is probably impressed with the mcrib from Micky d's. or maybe it's been a decade without having any kind of Caribbean food and this your first  time eating it in a while\r\n\r\nI apologize to all the Dominican moms I know out there for how bad this place represented your food.\r\n\r\ncan I give minus\\/negative stars to this place? alex reyes, you are nuts for liking this place you should be ashamed and you should know better!\r\npunta Cana? more like punta caca!\r\nHonestly A Yugoslavian blind paraplegic could make better Dominican food!\r\nWith that said, I gotta run cause this bootleg dumbminican food is making me perculate and I have about another hour before I make it home. in the words of my dr brothers LA CRETA  co\xc3\xb1azo!  One of the few Dominican restaurants in the area, food is decent service depending on the day can vary, but overall a good place to eat when you are in the mood for some Dominican food.  THIS PLACE IS GREAT.  2 huge plates of food, 4 beers, 2 people 30 bucks.  The service is great and the place is spotless.  Oh my gosh this place was soooo good!! They start out by serving complimentary garlic bread that is pretty simple, but totally works! It is really good & nice addition. I had the garlic shrimp mufungo & it was fabulous!! I came here just to have the mufungo & it did not disappoint! They also had tripe soup that I was interested in trying & our waitress was happy to bring me a sample. It was also very good! They brought by a steak sandwich that looked amazing & I'll be trying that next time!! So glad we stopped in & not exactly sure why this place only had 3 1\\/2 stars?!?! Give it a try!  great friendly place. I'm Dominican and puerto rican and just moved down here from nyc. I need dominican food badly and prayed this place would good enough. IT WAS!!! I loved it. my girlfriend that barely likes spanish food loved it. she ate her food, her left overs and then my left overs. she also hates beans but the next day couldn't stop talking about theirs lol. really good spanish food. a must try.  Full blooded Dominican and was looking for a authentic restaurant. We ordered quipes and they were burnt. Worst quipes I ever had. My steak sandwich was so bad I only ate half of it. My husband's mofongo was stale. First and last time eating here. Very disappointed. Service is a little slow. My husband ended up getting sick from the food soon after we left.  Loved every moment, great food that brought back good memories from back home. I recommend to any Hispanics in the area to come here.  Visited this place a couple days ago for dinner.  We are new in the area so we we\'re happy to have a Dominican restaurant near our new place in Charlotte, NC.  \r\n\r\nWe arrived and there was plenty of parking which was good.  Once inside the place, we were greeted right away by one of the young ladies and she showed us to our table.  She was very friendly and got us 2 high chairs without us having to ask.  They had a Perico Ripio playing on a loop....  Same song over and over.  That was weird and annoying.  Guys were playing Dominoes in a slightly separate area of the restaurant.  I didnt mind, its what we Dominicans do!!\r\n\r\nWe ordered 2 ginger alea as our drinks and a lemonade for my daughter.  When our drinks arrived, the ginger ale had a slight after taste that we couldnt figure out.....  The lemonade however was absolutely great!!  So we ordered 2 more lemonades for ourselves.\r\n\r\nFor dinner I had the "Bistec Encebollado" (Beef smothered in sauteed onions) with white rice and red beans and a side of Tostones (fried green plantains).  My wife ordered 1\\/2 rotisserie chicken with white rice and red beans and a side salad.  I thought the food was very good!!  I judge Dominican restaurants by how good their beans are, and their beans were pretty good.\r\n\r\nOur bill was about $41.00.  Probably slightly more than what we\'d pay in NY (The Heights), but not terribly over-priced.\r\n\r\nWe\'ll be back........  This restaurant looks tropical on the outside which made me feel like I was in the Caribbean. The inside is also nice as well.\r\n\r\nI went with my family and ordered two kids meals (cheeseburger and fries) which my kids enjoyed. A side of Moro(rice and beans mixed) which had a nice flavor to it, and two orders of mofongo,one with shrimps and the other with chicharron (fried pork). I was surprised by the presentation of the mofongo. It was a great portion as well. The food was very good. The waitress brought out warm garlic bread before our food arrived. We had beer served in an ice cold glass,very refreshing.   The only thing I would complain about is the waitress, she didnt show effort or good service,besides that I would go again and maybe next time we'll  get a different waitress.  As a NYC raised Dominican, let me tell you, this place is not as good as people are making it seem. The food isn\'t great by any standards. I\'ve been to amazing  Dominican restaurants in NYC and this place is nowhere near that. My fiance and I, had visited this restaurant several times before last night and we will not be returning. My family is in town from NYC so we decided to drop by and get some food. At 1035PM on a Saturday night, we we\'re denied entrance. The "bouncer" tells me that one of the people in my party is wearing a tank top so he can\'t come in. This is the most ridiculous thing I\'ve ever heard from a 1 star restaurant at best. This place is literally an abandoned Wendy\'s that was turned into a "restaurant". As I look around, there were a handful of men wearing tank tops already in the place so I asked to speak to the manager. 10 minutes later the "owner" comes over with the ugliest look on his face and looks at me like in a "what do you want" manner. I explained to him that my party of seven would like to spend our money in his business but we\'re being told we can\'t enter because someone is wearing a tank top. He tells me that after 1030 the dress code changes so no tank tops. I explained to him that there are people sitting that are wearing them, which he replies "oh, they got here before 1030". That has to be the biggest crock of #### I\'ve ever heard. The conversation concluded in spanish when I asked him "From one fellow Dominican to the other, you are going to turn away my business and lose it permantly because we arrived 5 minutes after your "new dress code" took effect. His answer was a  loud YES and walked away. This has to be the most unprofessional behavior from a small business owner even in a ever so small hispanic food realm in Charlotte. We would\'ve never showed up if we knew something as simple as a tank top would be a problem, yet there were guys in there with hats and Jordans. If this were a top notch restaurant and we had been turned away, I would absolutely understand but not coming from this refurbished Wendy\'s turned into restaurant. It\'s sad that hispanics in Charlotte don\'t have many options and will probably still resort to this place as a result.  We had our food to go- a nice quick experience.\r\n\r\nFood: 4\\/5\r\nService: 5\\/5  Great food! Friendly owner! I'm Dominican and it's the most authentic Dominican food in the Southeast U.S. If you go during lunchtime, you can talk to Carmen, who's the co-owner and actually cooks a lot of the food. Her husband Cris is the other owner and is always walking around ensuring that everything is up to standards.\r\n\r\nI start every visit with a quipe and a pastelito. If I'm there on a Saturday, I'll have the mondongo (tripe soup). You can't go wrong with the mofongos, churrascos, and my other favorite dish, the Canoa de Mariscos. The presentation of that dish alone is worth it.\r\n\r\nPunta Cana is definitely one of the hidden gems of Charlotte!  First let me start off with saying that if you have never left the Carolina's and not accustomed to Caribbean food, please do not make posts about the food. Second, me n my husband are both natives from the North, and we know good Caribbean food. Thirdly, as soon as we got our meals pernil con arroz y tostones we both felt instant nostalgia. The food had such a feeling of home that I enjoyed every part of it. The atmosphere felt like home, currently listening to La India on the radio. The only complaint me n my husband had was our tostones falta sal (didnt have salt). If you arent going to appreciate something different please don't come here and then complain and for ricans, dominicans y cubanos looking for the closest thing to home this is it. We waited less than 20 mins to get our food and we were met within minutes of being seated!! We plan on bringing our relatives when they visit!  When twice.First time my food was awesome. I had Mofongo with Shrimp and it was delicious. Had a piece of my favorite Dominican cake and it was a little dry but still good. I decided to treat my husband on Sunday and what a disapointment. My husband ordered Mofongo with chicken and it was terrible. Dry, cold and the chicken was overcooked looks like to much time in a microwave or the fryer. My Mofongo with Carne Frita was bad too.the meat was hard, overcooked, like rubber. My husband's  chicken with my pork could bounce from the floor  back to the plate to explain exactly how bad it was. We ordered an appetizer of Chorizo al Carbon, that by the way it is deep fried not on the grill as the menu said was the star other the evening. Don't  be confused, it was the fallen star. Terrible. It looked like poop on a plate. So over fried you could not bite it. We had to return and ask it out of our check. A piece of  one of my favorite drsserts would have highlighted the evening, but no cake available that day for a busy Sunday. We'll not be going back for now, it was a beautiful Sunday wasted. I will definitely  give 5 stats to our server. She was nice, helpful  and under all the mess she was calm and always with a smile.  My wife and I had dinner at Punta Cana, Saturday August 2015. Our first visit, she is New Rican and grew up eating her momies Puerto Rican food. Her momie was born and raised in Puerto Rico. I'm of Great Briton\\/Netherlands ancestry raised in Northern Indiana. I had seafood Paella and she had fried pork chops, white rice and plantanos. It was very good and we both want to go back. It looks like its in an old Wendy's burger place with a large parking lot. It is a family place, where you go with mommie, and children, you will hear children crying. music\\/dancing fridays. Punta Cana is the name of a town in the Dominican Republic.  I have been here with two of my girlfriends so far within in one week, because the food here is delicious, and the staff are exceptionally friendly and attentive. We already have a lunch date with four of us going next tuesday, where the Camarones a la plancha is on the lunch special menu.\r\n\r\nI at first went with my Cuban friend who introduced me to this place, and then with my white friend; we were the only whites in there, which is a good sign that the food will be highly authentic\\/delicious. Lots of Dominican customers. It was lovely. My husband loved the cuban sandwich, which is made with real cuban bread. \r\n\r\nAfter moving to Charlotte nearly a year ago, I am happy to have found yet a new favorite. You can not beat the prices either. Everything tastes perfect! Yum!  For a $5.95 lunch special, this place is solid. There are many choices on the lunch menu and I got the grilled tilapia with yellow rice and fried cassaba. I should've gotten the combination rice like everyone else, but I wanted to be different! Yellow rice was bland, grilled tilapia was just a grilled fish filet, nothing too special, and the fried cassaba was the highlight for me. Esp with the ridiculously vinegar-y, garlic-y dipping sauce. Def not going to make out with anyone after using that stuff! My companions got stewed chicken and roasted chicken. Good things were said about the stewed chicken, but the roasted chicken, I was told, was too dry. Also, people thought the fried plantains were overly sweet and mushy. \r\n\r\nService was friendly enough, albeit a bit slow and our checks got messed up at the end. I did like the decor and atmosphere, lots of kitschy stuff on the walls and a fantastic Dominican variety show playing on the tv. It looks like they have karaoke on Sabado nights. \r\n\r\nAwesome.  Here once before and the food was very good. I came here today and it took forever to even get service. So I left  This is an authentic Dominican spot that will enlightened your taste buds. I've visited this location before for lunch and the food was really good. \r\n\r\nHowever, this time around there were a couple of things that could have been improved. First and foremost, the check-in Yelp offer isn't offered and we were told that the discount has been requested for removal. Hopefully, this gets straightened out because we weren't the only party to inquire. Second, the combination rice has a crunchiness to it (as expected) but on this trip the crunch made the side item un-enjoyable. \r\n\r\nI wouldn't totally count this place out because the staff were really nice and our food was delivered to our table fairly quickly. Maybe I will try them again some time in the future and see what their pastas have to offer.  This place is only getting 2 stars because the music & food was good.  Other than that, the service was HORRIBLE.  \r\n\r\nLast night, October 16th, a group of went out for a girls night.  Two of my friends arrived at this place at 7:30 & were seated, the rest got there at 8pm & no one still didn't even ask for their drinks.  After having to constantly having to try to get the waiter's attention we got our drinks & ordered our food around 8:30pm.  We didn't get our food until 10:40pm.  It was making us angry because other people (I'm guessing regulars) were walking in & getting food before us.  The waiter had no sense of urgency either.  It was unbelievable.  So we ate quickly & then left.  First & last time there, no matter if the food was good. By the time I got it, I hardly wanted it.  I try to eat here when I'm in Charlotte. Authentic food, big portions, great staff, and super clean. Be sure to get a meat pie appetizer for $1.25, so good. We got some to take home for breakfast.  Very traditional Dominican food, menu is very large and full of variety, loved the chuleta frita. Went there on a Sunday night and they had a live merengue band, it was fab.  Ohh I think I frequent Punta Cana enough to be considered a regular. While the food might not be the best tasting latin I've had, it sure is hearty. With a variety of different lunch time meals at $7 you get your dollars worth and it sure beats a large #2 at Mickey Ds!  This place is amazing for the money. I eat here frequently, and frequently take newcomers with me who love it as well. \r\n\r\nThe atmosphere is just okay, and the service is decent, but I wouldn't say exceptional. But the overall value is just amazing. The lunch special is $6 and you can choose from fall off the bone chicken, amazing pork, or other selections. You also get two sides which means a TON of absolutely DELICIOUS FOOD for $6!\r\n\r\nDo yourself a favor, particularly if you are new to this type of food - or even if you aren't - get the tostones. They are the fried plaintain, and with the mojo sauce they have, it's so amazingly good.\r\n\r\nI've been here for dinner once, and I think based on the service and atmosphere it is probably a little overpriced for my taste, but this is my absolute favorite place to have lunch!  Service was fine. Got a Cuban sandwich to go. Not a real Cuban sandwich. Tasteless, over saturated with butter, fries were so bland you honestly just had mush in your mouth. I spent $10 and ended up throwing it all in the trash. Would never go back.  From the Greensboro area in Charlotte for a Doctor's appointment with my wife and daughter. We have heard really good things about this place and decided to try it out. Being a Small Business Owner helps to understand the challenges that could come with running a clean, professional and welcoming establishment. I have to say, we have really enjoyed the food which was great tasting, generous portions which is money well spent, and presentation was there. The staff was super friendly and professional, and the atmosphere was very cozy and homey feeling. Also, there was a diverse customer base(which is hard to see when people aren't familiar with the food, customs, culture, etc.) Me and my family will definitely be returning to give this place another taste. Thank you  Oye pana esto ta bueno! First time in Charlotte NC and we always gravitate to Latin food we can't find back home. This Dominican restaurant did not disappoint. I had pernil (fried pork), hubby had rabo (ox tail) live DJ on sat playing all popular hits. Mango margarita was delish!  Delicious, reasonably priced, and authentic! I definitely consider this one of Charlotte's hidden gems. The staff is always friendly and the service is quick! You can't beat the lunch prices. An entree and 2 sides is around $7 which is amazing given the decent portions.  Moro with pernil, chicken and beef empanadillas...and a side of mayooketchoo...  punta cana NEVER disappoints  i ordered the chicharron del pollo it was awful. I think the chicken was soaked in the dead sea it was so salty. The peas and rice was better but not fantastic. This was very disappointing.  Ive been here 4 times and Im freakin stuffed every time. Great service and atmosphere.  The food was greasy and obviously microwaved. The place was empty, freezing and the service was sad. They even tried to deny my coupon, I'm guessing because they don't make enough money as is.  I noticed great reviews about this place and decided to have lunch with a friend. The d\xc3\xa9cor was okay for a Latin restaurant, the music adequate and overall the place looked clean. We were quickly served, however the food took over 20 minutes to arrive. My friend ordered pork in sauce with rice and beans (arroz moro). I ordered mofongo filled with pork (carne frita). Let's talk about my dish since this is where problems started for us. I thought the portion was a bit small considering this is after all a Dominican restaurant. I believe that I have seen a fair share of Latin food related restaurants living in Miami since 92 and during my youth years in Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic. In fact, two days ago I stopped by a Dominican Restaurant in Miami and they are truly known for tasty food with generous portions. The mofongo at Punta Cana was dry with chunks of plantains still unmeshed, which is essential when preparing mofongo. There was no clear color sauce or boiled garlic water to mix with the mofongo. I cut just a piece of pork (carne frita) and immediately noticed an unusual odor coming out of the meat. The pork was rotten!!\r\n\r\nI notified the waitress who in turn notified a waiter who looked like a supervisor and he stated that he was going to call the manager. The manager never arrived so the supervisor offered me to take the dish away and bring something else. I ordered just a side of rice with beans. My food was taken out of the check, however now that I think about it, the entire bill should have been complementary. Back to my poor friend who ordered pork with sauce, he immediately stopped eating. His food was not comp. \r\n\r\nI will not return to this place. There is common sense with operating a restaurant and a cook plays a big role on what comes out of the kitchen. He\\/she must try what they prepare to check for flavor and cooked level, nothing sophisticated, but it must be done to keep customers in mind. If a cook won't eat it, then why should customers have to?  My first time here and I am very disappointed. The waitress never brought any refills. After bringing out our food, she never came back to check up on the table and instead spent 20 minutes flirting with  two guys, the only other people in the restaurant, until she decided to bring out the check. Food was mediocre at best. I don't think I'll be back :(  Amazing food! Great customer service,  a little small,  hubby had the mofungo steak and I  wanted to try the bbq, but they were out of it, so I ended up getting the stew chicken, which was great ,very tasty I love it, would definitely go back and highly recommend this place.  Ok so I'm half Dominican and don't get to eat Dominican food a lot so I was so happy when a friend told me about this place the prices are moderate it's not fancy by any means very casual but the food is excellent and pretty authentic the stewed chicken was hearty and the tostones and yuca were super yummy if you like dominican food I recommend this place ..and for those who like it they have Goya Malta there (super gross) but most Hispanic and Caribbean ppl love it and it's hard to come by in restaurants check it out  I'll start with the food and begin by saying it's subpar. Charlotte has a lot of work to do in the Latin food department, they're slacking! The restaurant isn't the most appealing and the service was lacking as well.\r\n\r\n There was however something that caught my attention deserves praise. I observed what appeared to be a homeless man walk in and ask for a menu with no apparent intention on purchasing any food. A woman who quite possibly could be ownership immediately noticed his need and without hesitation offered him a full free meal! It was a very kind and generous gesture and on that alone they deserve 5 STARS! \r\n\r\nUnfortunately, they have some work to do on their food and the cleanliness of the restaurant.  My wife and I decided to try this place because my wife is Dominican and wanted some authentic cuisine from her country. BIG MISTAKE!!! We ordered quipes to start and they came out very dark. They were burnt and bitter to the taste. We decided not to panic and wait for our entrees. My wife's steak sandwich was run of the mill nothing special. I ordered skirt steak (medium)with mofango. My steak came out undercooked more like med rare and tasted like it drowned in soy sauce. The mofongo was bland and tasted like it was reheated leftovers. I practically forced myself to eat my food because I was hungry and didn't want to waste my meal I was getting charged 15 dollars for. In retrospect that was a bad idea. Whatever they served me made me sick and I threw up everything about 30 to 45 minutes later. Oh yeah let's not forget the awesome experience I had in the bathroom. Nothing like sitting on the toilet and having the lights turn off on you so you're handling your business in pitch black darkness. If I could I'd give this place minus 5 stars. 40 dollars down the drain to eat food that rivaled the grub you get in a state prison.  EXCELLENT lunch spot! Lunch special is on average $7 and comes with 2 sides. My go-to is pernil (roast pork). Their combination rice is good as well as fried yuca and plantanos maduros. Ask for chimichurri sauce, which is thick and garlic-y. The sauce they bring with the fried yuca is very vinegar-y, considered yourself warned.\r\nService is ok in general, sometimes the ladies get too busy talking amongst themselves (which I HATE) but just ask for your check and box and whatever else you need all at once. Definitely in and out within an hour.  Coming from NYC great Dominican food, is a way of life. My family and I were delighted to find a Dominican Restaurant nearby and eager to try it out!\r\nWe were not disappointed! \r\nThe food was EXCELLENT!\r\nThe restaurant was clean and the staff was extremely helpful and attentive.\r\nI had the mofongo and garlic shrimp which was fresh and flavorful!\r\nI also had an order of chicharron (cracklin chicken). YUM!\r\nMy brother had the charrasco steak, yellow rice & blk. beans.\r\nMy boyfriend had the Bacalao which is cod fish.\r\nWe were not doing to much talking, as we were to busy devouring our food!\r\nWe also each ordered a tropical fruit drink which was equally delicious.\r\nTwo thumbs waaaaay up! We will be back VERY soon!  I was soooo excited they opened back up a few months ago, my lunch routine surely missed my Dominican fixin... I grew up with this style of food being made day in and day out since the day I started eating solids (not as recent as you may think! Lol). And I can say withal the confidence in the world that these guys are AUTHENTIC!!! I feel like I'm back in Dominican Republic waiting on my grandma's cooking...\r\n\r\nSolid place for lunch\\/dinner\\/anything... I love me some Mofongo, but like I said its all good...\r\n\r\nNow if I can stop in and NOT forget to check in.... Enjoy.  Several tries later I have to take one star back.\r\n\r\n\r\nFirst off for the chicharrones to be really good they have to be fresh as in cooked to order. Turns out this only happens at lunch time because it's not one of the lunch special and you're ordering from the dinner menu.\r\n\r\nThen if you go for a late lunch as I have the moro (black beans and rice) and the maduro (fried sweet bananas) were dry. \r\n\r\nIOW they cook everything early and the later you go the worse off you are.  This place is great. Best mofungo ever --- the mound was textured with crispy, fried pieces of plantain integrated within the traditional mashed up plantain chunks. I could eat that all on its own. I ordered it with the fried pork chop, which came with the traditional gravy --- delicious. The maduros and boiled yucca were prepared just the way I like it. The garlic sauce for the yucca was potent . . . but again, that's just the way I like it.  I went here last night with the hubby and it did not disappoint. Unfortunately it was 9:30 on a Saturday night... So in the middle of our meal they started with the loud music and bright lights that were right in my eyes, no warning, no offer to move us. Kind of rude. But the food? Was delicious. Pernil pork, gandules and combo rice with plantains... It was the best Spanish food I have had in Charlotte. My hubby is PuertoRican and he ate all of his, and then my leftovers. We waited 15 minutes to be seated and (I kid you not) 30 minutes on our food. The service was SLOW bit they were really busy so I can accept that. Not the place to stop for a quiet dinner on a Saturday night, or if you are in a hurry, but if you don't mind sacrificing a little for authentic Spanish food, this is the place for you.  Great food and a great spot! Little rough around the edges, but that's totally a positive I have to say.  Stay away from this dump! I'm Dominican and the food here is far from authentic. The service is horrible. The issue there are the waitresses and most if the food is bland! You can go for appetizers like pastelitos and kipe. Also the morirsonando is good here. They do not sell here Dominican spaghetti.  I stoped by this place and I must say the food was authentic. I grew up eating Dominican food and this was on point. I had the carne guisada with rice and beans with some tostones on the side.  I also had a chinola (passion fruit) shake which was good.  The price is very very affordable.it all came out less than $13.00 (lunch special).  The staff was nice and struck up a conversion during lunchtime. If i lived closer this would be a spot i would visit often.  Real Food, very traditional. The staff is very friendly. I could say that waiters some times are very slow to bring your drinks. Overall, great place to come with family and friends. I will back!  I am from NY and loved the restaurants that has dancing and food, this place has both but the waitresses are horrible, they seem like they are mad at something, but I did notice that on a table that had all guys they were really friendly (our table was all girls). With alot of competition around they should re-evalute there waitresses, the place also had a funky smell and it wasnt food smell. In short, bad service...bad smell.  I brought a Dominican with me along with and 2 other gringos. I have studied in DR and know the food pretty good. Food here was amazing and no issues with service, like some of the other posts said. We will definitely return.  I literally drive by this place all the time! So I'm glad I finally got the chance to give them a try!\r\n\r\nMy co-workers and I came here for a team lunch, we had a pretty big group but lucky for us the lunch rush was mostly to-go orders. Whoop! Whoop! \r\n\r\nThey have a ton of lunch specials where you get an entree of your choice and two yummy sides.Our waitress was so kind, there was a special of the day and we all had questions about it so she brought out samples for us to try! \r\n\r\nI ended up ordering the special, it was like a fried rice with chicken and shrimp with veggies. It was really good! Lucky for me there was a little bit of everything around the table so I already know a few things I'm looking forward to try on my next visit!  I tried this place out with my mother last Friday night. It is one of the few restaurants in Charlotte open past 10PM on a Friday night. The staff was friendly and welcoming and we were seated right away. However, it took a little while before our waitress came over to the table and it wasn\'t overly crowded. But once she did, she was so friendly and accommodating. We ordered the stew chicken with yellow rice and shrimp mofongo and a side of platanos maduros. Unfortunately, they ran out of yellow rice so I end up getting white rice. The stew chicken was good but the mofongo was very good. Keep in mind...it was my first time trying mofongo. We had sangria which was really delicious! The music was an awesome bonus too! The only reason I\'m not scoring this restaurant higher is because I had a check-in coupon for 20% off that I wanted to use but they would not accept it. The waitress told me the owner said he never "approved" a Yelp coupon. Apparently, I was one of a few other people who tried to use the same coupon and was denied. Personally, I think they need to call Yelp and get this option removed or just honor the coupon. Otherwise, this is a good spot for late night \'real\' food.  I work with some people who are of Dominican Heritage.  One of my co-workers is from Haiti and she says the foods are very similar.  We go every so often for lunch, and what you get for $5.95 is a pretty good deal.  The food may not be anything extraordinary but it is definitely good for the price.  Basically you get a choice of a meat and two sides such as rice and a couple of different kinds of plantains (which I love).  It's a nice change of pace if you tend to order Chinese food.  They also do a lot of to go business.\r\n\r\nThe service is usually pretty good and efficient when we go.  Even when I go with just another one of my plain old white American co-workers just like myself, we are treated well.  The building used to be a Wendy's which moved further down South Blvd since there was already a Wendy's within a mile or so of this one.  It can be a little tricky getting in and out of, but it it's not too bad.  I was so excited when I heard about this place I couldn't wait to try the pernil and platanos. I was so disappointed after my visit ! The service was terrible! I don't think I saw one employee that looked remotely happy to help with anything. I probably asked for bread 5 times. When I finally received my food everything was cold and my rice was hard. My husband ordered the shrimp mofongo and he seemed to enjoy it. I doubt I will be back!  Great place on South Blvd.  Lunch special is $5.95!  The juice is great, I had passion fruit.  I got a pork dish, yellow rice, and yellow plantains and it was a great combination.  Other items I enjoyed were the steamed bread appetizers, chicken empanadas, and the green plantains dipped in some kind of vinegary garlic concoction.  Can't beat the value!  I love love love Punta Cana. I am a hispanic from the Caribbean and I love my native food. I was so happy to find this place a few years ago.  I wont go into detail abotu the service because they're sometimish (I know that's not a word lol).  Some days they're really good. Other days they're not so good.  My experience always seems to be good until a person of the Caucasian race comes in or a Hispanic who fluently speaks spanish comes in.  They down goes my service. \r\n\r\nAnyway I dont want to make it seem worse than it is. But you should definitely try it out.  the mofongo, mangu, queso frito, longaniza, pastelillo, pollo al horno and pernil !!! \r\n\r\nMy in laws love the stewed shrimp that comes out in a little silver pot. \r\n\r\nGreat place to eat at guys!  Have had bad service here before because i don't speak fluent Spanish. But food is very good.  Don\'t do it... trust me - you\'ll thank me later. \r\n\r\nBeing that my mother is Dominican and I\'ve lived there, I can def say they should not advertise anything stating of Dominican ANYTHING. Period.\r\n\r\nThe chicken in the Chicharr\xc3\xb3n de Pollo sin hues was disgusting! They used chicken that was just about to go bad... I"m sure they figured if they fry it, they will cover up the gamey gross chicken. My god what an insult that was. \r\n\r\nHahaha what a joke their Pastelito\'s were.... Really? Come on now, those were just plain embarrassing.\r\n\r\nI\'m still upset about my dining experience because I so wanted to like it, but I only two things I like about this establishment is the Presidente beer and leaving!  I went to Punta Cana at 8:30 or so on a weekday evening and had a really nice dinner.  The place was pretty empty given the lateness of the hour, but service was fast and pleasant.  Even though it's located in a seedy stretch of South Blvd, the inside of the restaurant has a nice atmosphere for a sit down dinner.  The food was definitely interesting, maybe a touch on the bland side, though -- but I'm not sure if that wasn't just a result of what I ordered.  The mofongo (plantain hash) was something I'd never tried before, and with it I had a crab creole dish that was very tasty.  Dessert was flan which was, well -- flan.  Hard to screw up.  I would definitely go back and try some of the other specialty dishes.  Punta Cana had been a favored locale since it first opened, as the Mr. has a crazy yen for Dominican food.  The Mr. likes the chicharron (de cerdo), the chivo guisado, and the chicharron de pollo (con hueso).  He likes the pernil, though he says that sometimes it is a little dry and not as tasty as it used to be.\r\nThe Mrs. agrees that the chicharron de pollo (con hueso) is tasty, though not as much as it used to be, and she likes the mofongo.  The sancocho, which is available only on Sundays, is good and as close to authentic as you will find in the area.  But she had a bad experience with rancid bistec encebollado, which tasted as if it had spent too much time without refrigeration before cooking.  On a few occasions, the platanos maduros have been overcooked and burnt.  Sometimes the chicharron (de cerdo) in the mofongo was undercooked.  Fatty pork is very unpleasant when it is undercooked.\r\nPunta Cana went through a fire some time back and has not fully recovered from that disaster.  The service is not the same excellent service it once was.  The food is now in much smaller portions, and the quality is not what it used to be.  We used to be regulars, but now . . . not so much.\r\nThe Mr. and Mrs. would like to see Punta Cana go back to the wonderful service it used to have.  The Mrs. would like to have Punta Cana be more careful of food preparation and hygiene.  (The Mrs. is sensitive to ill-prepared food.)\r\nThe Mr. and Mrs. recommend Punta Cana, with caveats.\r\n.  I absolutely love this place!!!  My co-workers introduced me to this place for lunch, and I am hooked!  The pork, the plantains, the sangria are all fantastic!!  Very affordable and fresh, amazing food!  I want to come back for karaoke on a Saturday night sometime soon!!  You must eat here!!  Just left this place and we were very impressed. The staff was exceptionally friendly and our server was fantastic! We had Quipes and Mofondo with their house made sangria. My husband asked me why we had never been here before and I had to remind him that I had suggested it several times...he just wasn't ready for something new yet. Lol. Anyway, nice job y'all and we will be back soon!  Good food, great service! The waitresses are always helpful and funny. Love the white rice, fried plantains, fried yuca and pork.  If this review was only about the food I would have given this place all 5 stars!!!!!! I use to come to here all the  time a few years ago. Then it closed down for what seemed like a year. I was so excited when they opened back up. This is the best place for Dominican food! Everything is full of flavor and just done the right way!\r\n\r\nWhen I arrived for my most recent visit I was excepting the same great experience I always have when I come to Punta Cana. After we were seated the waitress disappeared for close to 15 minutes. The whole wait staff was completely inattentive. They all were huddled in a group talking, texting, and watching the tv at the bar area. It was very frustrating. We decided to stay because the Mofungo is some of the best that you can find in town. During dinner the waitress never came back to check on the table or to refill drinks. She just appeared with the check. So disappointing when it came to the service. \r\n\r\nLike I said in the beginning I love the food here. So I will give it another go but if the service continue to lack I will just have to order take out.  One of my professors told me Punta Cana is one of his favorite restaurants in Charlotte and encouraged me to to check it out. I met my boyfriend there for lunch and we both commented that we'd each driven past it hundreds of times, but neither of us had ever been in. It always catches my eye because of the palm trees out front and the green lights at night. I had the beef with black beans and rice off the list of lunch specials. He got the Cuban sandwich. The servings are very generous!! My beef was tasty and reminded me a bit of pot roast but with different seasonings. About half of the pieces of meat on my plate were tender and delicious, but the other half were rather gristly. Since it was such a large portion, I wasn't too bothered by this. My boyfriend's sandwich was amazing, and he said it was the most delicious Cuban he'd had here in Charlotte. We will definitely be visiting again to try other things on the menu!  Being a Dominican myself and growing up with parents that owned a Dominican restaurant in NY , I was excited to find a place in NC that would bring me back home. Well ... Spoiler alert ! As bad as I wanted to like this place , it didn't give me that warm fuzzy feeling of home. The food was just okay ( that's blasphemous to ever say about Dominican food ) it's my favorite kind of food ever and I felt a little sad inside especially my stomach :'( ....two stars for effort I guess  I am on a job assignment just southwest if Charlotte always lookin for some good healthy eats since I'm a foodie and decided to cheat a little and discovered a restaurant from one of my native roots Dominican Republic. Punta Cana Restaurant and Grill. I chose to eat the mofongo with shrimp and loved the presentation. It was also very flavorful and comforting with the sauce. The food definitely didn't disappoint. Service though was a little sluggish but overall I left there satisfied.  Great food good Dominican vibe... I would recommend to try it out! I was definitely satisfied  The mofongo's are extremely good their grilled chicken is amazing and the service is good!  My original post below is nicer than the one I'm going to leave today...  This place totally sucks!!! I tried - God knows I tried but I just can't go back and spend money at this place..  The food was HORRIBLE. Grilled chicken breast was a tasteless cracker and pork looked like road kill.. And $3.50 for a glass of lemonade... NO REFILLS.. Yeah - I'm totally done with this place.  It was ok years ago but not now.  \r\n\r\nOriginal review below:\r\n\r\nI know most restaurants have different cooks and it was obvious today.  We come here quite often and have never had rubbery pork and stale mofongo.  Not good today... Not good at all.  Worst customer service ever! Just spent over $50, had to wait for over an hour to get my food. They apparently forgot my order. Waited for an hour on the table, had to tell them to make it a to go order and finally my order was ready after an hour and half. They offered me a free desert. Are you kidding? A free desert for wasting an hour and half of my time on a work day and spending over $50 on the worst service I have ever seen. I would recommend not to ever go to this place unless you want to sit there and starve!!  The food here was so delicious! The waitresses were sweet as pie and super attentive. Had the Mofongo with fried pork, rice and beans, along with their yuca fries and guava cake which was so moist and delicious that it had me wishing I'd taken some to go. Try this place if your ever in Charlotte, trust me you'll love it!  Love this place! I'm from southeast Florida and miss the diverse food options there so finding Punta Cana made me feel at home. The food is awesome, resonably priced, and the staff is always super friendly and accommodating. The chicharron de pollo was disappointing, however I highly recommend the stewed chicken or pollo ala plancha as both were super yummy! I will definitely be back.  They only deserve 1\\/2 star\r\n\r\nSaturday evening my wife and I stopped by for dinner it was around 7:30-ish, the place was not full, it was starting to get a little busy but not crazy\r\nProbably 8-9 tables\r\nWe ordered the mango juice which was very good.\r\nMy wife ordered the torta cubana  and I ordered el Rabo de Vaca.\r\nAfter 20 minutes we noticed that patrons that arrived much later than we did got their dinner so we asked our server about our order \r\nShe replied "they ordered simple meals your order is complex"\r\nSERIOUSLY!!!! A sandwich and your star dish is complex? We saw a stew, fish plate, a few Moro and tostones plates, chicken steak etc,\r\ncome on!!!\r\n\r\nSo with a broken heart and an empty stomach, we left 40 minutes after we placed our order; we didn\'t even get any bread!\r\n\r\nI imagine the food maybe good, the other 6 tables of patrons that did get their food seemed to enjoy\r\n\r\nI get it, we all make mistakes, what bothered me is that they tried to lie, if they would have come clean that they forgot to place our order, you know we would joke about it and move on.\r\n\r\n\r\nThey offered to make our order to go and for free but by that time we had lost our appetites \r\n\r\nWe hope that in the near future we have an opportunity to return and actually taste the food.\r\n\r\nThey were at least decent enough not to charge for our drinks  I'm a fan of Dominican food, and it's really hard to find. When we come down to Charlotte, we definitely hit up Punta Cana! From what I read on Yelp, a lot of people in Charlotte are looking for it too! This place is easy to reach off of I-77 and appears to be in a old Wendy's building. The decor and atmosphere inside are of decent quality, while the food is of very good authentic quality! We had the baked pork, which was tender, flavorful, and had some crispy bark! We also tried the stewed beef which was tender, lacking fat, and a nice spice to it! We had a side of Moro Rice which rocked; as well as sweet plantains! Top this off with sampling a Cubano which was tender on the inside and crispy on the outside from toasting! A definite four stars and guaranteed of seeing my third return soon!  I have heard so many good thing about this place for months now. A friend of mine is always talking about how juicy the pork-chops are, the mofungo is delicious etc.  finally two weekends ago I went. As I walked in the hostess stand is right there. I can\'t really say I was "greeted" by the three young ladies but rather looked at. I was asked if I knew what I wanted, I said no and was handed a menu. After a couple of minutes I figured out what I wanted and proceeded to place my order. Getting help was like pulling teeth, at one point I stopped looked at one of the girls and asked if she was even listening to me. She wasn\'t! Finally I put my order in and waited. 15 min into me sitting there another girl had asked if my order was taken and put in the system and by the time I was ready raise hell if it wasn\'t. Finally I got my food. It smelled so good the whole way home. I dug in and damn near choked? Why?! Because the only moist thing in $28 dollar worth of food was the salad. The porkchops taste like they\'d been cooked in old oil and the mofungo had no taste and was dry as hell. \r\n\r\nService was crap and so was the food!  I recently dined at Sazon Bachata.  Visiting from out of town and in search of places to dance Bachata, I Googled "Bachata Phoenix AZ". To my surprise, this restaurant was listed.  The name caught my attention.  I was thoroughly pleased!  The food was DELICIOUS! The family owned staff were extremely warm and pleasant.  I felt as though I were dining with family. I ordered Pollo Guisado, but it wasn\'t available. The young girl who took my order suggested I try the bistec instead. I ordered the bistec with arroz blanco, habichuelas and maduros.  Then, I topped it off with a morir sonando for the road.  I was also given information on Dominican places to dance Bachata.  Looks like I\'ll have a lot to do on my next visit.  Oh yes, there will definitely be a next time.  Much success to Sazon Bachata!  This Is Authentic dominican food what a good experience we had coming here , family owned and very delicious food.Every time I eat there my tummy is satisfied and I feel great.you can tell they use quality ingredient.5\\/5 Love this plate!!!  Hands down my new spot for Dominican food.  Authentic is the best way to describe the food and the ambience.  By far the best Dominican food I've tasted since the Malec\xc3\xb3n in New York. Affordable & amazing! The plantains were TO DIE FOR! I felt like I was at home from the moment I walked in. Aventura playing, scooping up rice and beans...I was in Dominican heaven.  Food is incredible!! Pollo guisao moro & plantanos is a must have!! Will definitely be coming back.  I love this place! I enjoy the food personally, and friends I have sent there who are from the Caribbean consistently say it is authentic. I have a work project which requires expertise in Dominican cuisine and the owners have been super helpful in answering my many questions.\r\n\r\nSince I am likely to be the only g\xc3\xbcera in the place when I go...it is also a great way for me to improve my Dominican Spanish. It's like when you step in the door you step out of the desert and onto a tropical island. ! :)  Estamos esperando el gran opening, ser\xc3\xa1 el 3\\/15\\/14 Te esperamos. Pon la fecha en tu agenda  Wow. Go now. For their food, not the luxurious surroundings. Dominican food that is, simply, delicious. Went there for lunch today - shrimp in garlic sauce. Perfection. \r\n\r\nSat next to a Dominican from New York who, having found out yesterday that today's special would be mashed plantains fasted until lunch so he could eat them with the necessary gusto. So will I the next time it's on special.\r\n\r\nHow many restaurants in your life have such a dish? Add this one to it.  The food here is more than wonderful. The staff treats you like you're at home. It's one of the best little joints I've been too in a long time. The menu changes daily so you can have something different every day. The prices are very reasonable. Highly recommended. Come and enjoy.  Never ate Dominican food before but this was very good! Cooked perfectly. Had pepper beef and rice and a bowl of beans. I also got a complimentary simple fresh salad and free glass of the best pink lemonade I ever drank. I will be back!  I love all types of food from all over the world! I moved to Arizona in 2009, I\'ve traveled all over the world & I am very opened minded to different cultures.\r\n\r\nCaribbean food is my absolute favorite, I love Cuban, Dominican, Puerto Rican, & Jamaican food. They all have there own unique "SAZON" meaning Seasoning! Which they all take a very special pride in, in other words grandmas secret recipe!\r\n\r\nThe moment I stepped into SAZON BACHATA I knew I was in for a treat, I could smell the well seasoned food immediately, the atmosphere is not the richest but it sure felt like I was in my moms kitchen & who cooks better than mom? NOBODY LOL\r\n\r\nI HAD THE POLLO GUISAO with ARROZ BLANCO\\/Chicken stew over white rice...AMAZING IF I MAY ADD, my sides included fresh Avocado slices! Platano Maduros that complimented the meal very nicely. 2 drink, I had the morir so\xc3\xb1ando which was very refreshing in this Arizona Heat! Try it...you will not be disappointed. \r\n\r\nFor the earlier reviewers I enjoyed the 16 year  old young server who helped my party, Just like most Latino family\'s showing there young daughter what hard work is all about! \r\n\r\nIt\'s small...it\'s perfect, I guess it\'s a family thing ;)  Food may be good.  But you have to pay attention to service. If you have a teenager taking orders that has her headphones on at the same time she is taking orders she is bound to make a mistake.  Service is as important as the food. Hire some one that is there to pay attention. \r\n\r\nWill never come back again. Print a menu so the customer doesn't have to wait 30 minutes for you to write it on the blackboard.  Don't open your doors until you are ready.  So...sad..!! This place closed down.!! \r\n\r\nAuthentic, friendly, clean and most importantly excellent food.. Folks who go to Bachata must appreciate the environment is driven with a sense of warmth and familial appreciation.. Don\'t expect a "Chain food" environment.. You can expect quality food and genuine friendly down to earth service.  My family and I will continue to eat their.. \r\n\r\nBy the way,  YOU HAVE TO TRY their Sancocho and Carne Guizada.. Awesome place..  Eating at Mambo's was a pleasant surprise.  Six friends and I went there and everyone was delighted with their meals.  None of us had eaten Dominican food before and we relied on our waitress for suggestions.  Three of us had the steak with onions and red and green peppers which had wonderful flavor.  One had a chicken dish that was sort of a stew and the loved it. Two had a shrimp dish they raved about, and one had a variety appetizer dish.\r\nThe portions were more than adequate and the prices are moderate.  The service was attentive.  This was a hit on all counts and my friends and I will be back and will recommend it to others.  The menu has pictures of the various dishes which helps in ordering, especially if you are not familiar with the cuisine.  Well it is the only Dominican restaurant in the valley but I must tell you that I love it. They use to have a restaurant in Queen Creek about 2 years ago. It was in a remote area about 20-25 minutes away. We liked it so much we would gather our friends and go like twice a week at least. I believe it was managed by the dad and possibly 2 sons. Now it looks like most of the family is there. Either way its DELICIOS. I come from the east coast where the food is terrific and I take great pride in saying that. This is definitely a place to take care of some of my home sick cravings. If you want a home cooked meal and you like Dominican, Cuban, Puerto Rican, or Columbian food then this is the place to try. The empanadas are good my favorite is the Bistec ensebollado (steaks with onions). Try it out hope you like it.  Hmmm, this place was iight. My mom wanted to come here after hearing a lot of hype surrounding the place so we decided to give it a try. The service was great but the food was sorely underwhelming. I had tried a couple of different things including the empanadas and was not very impressed. If you are looking for extremely flavorful and unique at this establishment, you're going to have a bad time...  I'm from NYC so I know about different  cultures and one of my comfort food is Dominican food.  We finally found a place that reminds me of home. \r\n\r\nAs you walk in, your greeted by a friendly  hostess who seats you quickly.  The tables are so old school with plastic table clothes but Ilove it! \r\n\r\nThe menu is cleverly attached to a cutting board.  The menu stays with the classic tradition of authentic Dominican food. This is great since AZ needs a little more diversity when it comes to food and BOY does this help! \r\n\r\nTry everything once!\r\n\r\nWe had a party of 8 and everyone ordered something different which made it so much fun! \r\n\r\nWe had braised Chicken, grilled chicken, garlic shrimp even Chicken Alfredo.  I know! WOW... DELICIOUS! \r\n\r\nEverything we ordered had flavor for days and you get plenty of food, enough to take home. \r\n\r\nThe selection of beer was limited but the sangria was amazing. \r\n\r\nDESSERTS..... coconut flan, Tres Leches.... I can't anymore.  \r\n\r\nThis is a cultural experience that everyone should try!  la comida de mi isla - the food of my island.  coming from ny where these types of restaurants are everywhere i really missed this.  Close to my house , the food was great but a bit over priced i mean come on you know in ny a breakfast of tres golpes is like 6 bucks the max and platanos here are 68cents so idk but it reminds me of home and satisfies my urges of dominican food without having to go to mamis house.  I love it.  Love the food. A little too far since is 45 minute drive for me but sometimes is worth it considering the taste and Caribbean environment you'll feel. Great place! Which they had one in the west side of Phoenix or Glendale  I think this is my second ever 5 star.. But have to. Its not often you get to taste some good food made the way you expect it. Dominican food like Puerto Rican and Cuban have specific flavors. No need to add salsa or hot sauce. The meal is prepared with flavors you will want to go back to.\r\nI had the chance to meet Aldo while there as well. His dad can cook my friends. \r\nDo give it a try for lunch and or dinner.\r\nWe ordered 4 different plates to get the most flavors for the buck. Mofongo, moro, carne frita (fried pork chunks OMG), shrimp was really tasty.\r\nTostones were good as well.\r\nI will be back often for lunch specials..  The decor is casual, cheerful, and friendly.  The booth was comfortable and the service was attentive.  The food was good too!\r\n\r\nWe had the mofungu camarones (shrimp) and the mofungu with salami, fried cheese and two eggs.  Both were savory and delicious.  The mofungu with salami etc was quite rich.\r\n\r\nThe only disappointment were the beef empanadas, which were overly salty.\r\n\r\nI really enjoyed the iced tea which had a hint of coffee flavor to it.  Hard to describe.  The mango smoothie was also satisfying.  We'll definitely be back.  Visited this spot over the weekend for "date night". \r\nWe ordered...carne and pollo empanadas\r\nBistec encebollado and Chuleta al sarten\r\n\r\nThese plates came with white rice and delicious beans that go very well together\r\nBoth meats were cooked to perfection with ALOT of flavor and empanadas were fried perfectly as well.\r\n\r\nService was very friendly, the restaurant had a very warm inviting vibe like you\'re in a family environment. Definitely recommend this place, I loved it.  I love Mambo's, the food is made to order and is always delicious. The staff is friendly and the service they provide is efficient. They have affordable lunch special and a great happy hour. Everyone should try it at least once and support this local business. Absolutely delicious! Full of flavor. A must try!  Loved the food! My boyfriend is Dominican and loved the food. He said it was authentic and great flavor. They even have products that are very hard to find anywhere. Great place! Highly recommend going there.  I just ate here for lunch.  It was very good and reminded me of being in NY.  I will be back to try their Mofongo. Waitstaff was very attentive.  Absolutely LOVE this restaurant!  I been craving dominican food for a while now a few years ago there use to be a dominican restaurant off 19th ave in phx but it closed down. I'm  so glad I found this place on yelp I been searching for a dominican restaurant for My fiance because he is Dominican from nyc.\r\n\r\nWe ate here over the weekend and had the best dominican food experience here in Az. We tried a little bit of everything.\r\nYou gotta try the red beans with the rice that has beans in it too along with some chicken. \r\nDon't forget to order the morir soniando drink, yucca frita, empanadas,  platano maduros I hope I spelled that right because im native American and I just love dominican food. The restaurant is very  spacious they play good  Spanish music the waitress was very polite she was kind enough to take my hubby's request to play a dominican song. At the time of seating us our waitress name kari made shore to  clean our table twice. She also worked hard serving our food and bartending at the same time. Well we are definitely going back for now on.... People definitely need to try out this  restaurant.  Went to this place after a friend recommended it. We got seated right away but after 20 minutes of waiting for at least to be asked if we wanted water we decided to ask a waiter randomly if someone can please take the order. One of the girls ( the only one that actually took care of us after the waiting) made sure that everything was taken cared off. I forgot her name but she was working at the bar the night we went. \r\nFood was good-that's the only reason I'm rating this place-\r\n\r\nEdit: I remembered the name of the waiter that took care of us after the long wait. Her name is Dulce.! Really great person!  First foray into Dominican Food. Delicious! My good friend is Dominican and recommended this place to us. We definitely will be back to enjoy the great food once again. The mofongo was outstanding and left us so full and pleased. The food is authentic and made with great care.  Incredible authentic food!! The food came in quick, and super delicious. You can taste the quality! Everyone was really nice and polite. I would definitely recommend this restaurant.  The price is reasonable.  I attended a small group gathering at Mambo's the other evening.  \r\n\r\nI walked in a few minutes later than everyone else, so I did not give the menu as thorough of a reading as I normally would.  With that said, I am fairly well-versed in the cuisine.  \r\n\r\nI went with the Mofongo with Chicharr\xc3\xb3n de Pollo.  The mofongo had bacon mixed in.  That was a first for me.  I'm a firm believer that EVERYTHING tastes better with bacon, so why not, right?  But the chicken... it was just kind of dry and bland.  I went with the chicken to be a little healthier than the pork version and tried a piece of a fellow companion's pork.  That was equally dry, but had a lot more flavor.  I should have gone with the pork!\r\n\r\nI also took advantage of the happy hour deal and enjoyed a $5 mojito.  That was the best part of the meal for me.\r\n\r\nAs far as decorations go, I have to give their lighting fixtures a quick shout out - they use upside down frying pans as lights.  Cool, industrial, and different.  I like it!\r\n\r\nWhen I'm in the neighborhood again, I might give Mambo's another shot.\r\n\r\n***THREE STARS***  I was so excited to see this restaurant open and couldn't wait to try it - we arrived as a party of 4 with 1 child - the child ordered a hamburger the adults ordered Cubano sandwiches and a Dominican burger - the two burgers were the same - frozen, pre-made patties cooked on a grill. The difference was the price - one was $4.99 the other $11.99.  The sandwiches were OK - the pork was thick sliced and had some gristle running through it. \r\n\r\nThe service was good but it took 35 min for us to get our meal.  Sadly, we won't be back.  I came her with my grandparents we really enjoyed the food and the waiter was super nice even though she was the only one and busy. My grandpa ordered the Cuban sandwich and I ordered the beef with rice and my grandma didn't know what to get so she picked out of everyone's.  This was my first time coming here to Mambo's. That food was delicious. It reminded me a lot of Panamanian food when I traveled there. Customer service was great as well. The vibe was great as well. Definitely a place to go and eat if you want Caribbean food. My family and I will be going back.  The food was great! The didn't have the variety I'm used to or specials but what they had was very good. The staff is super friendly. Love this place.  I\'ve been looking for a restaurant to experience what I could only imagine from viewing the Travel Channel episodes of Dominican \\/ Cuban favorites !!! And coming from home state of N.Y. made it more special !!! I tried the Cubano and Wwwooo so I\'m really looking forward to my very soon return! Emely provided the friendliest and attentive service !!! And she not hard to look either : ), the atmosphere and deacor is very creative, and the place is Extremely CLEAN! !!! Even the Bathrooms !!! IT"S A MUST TRY !!! Lastly you must TRY the desserts, I\'m not able to pronounce it yet but it\'s the BOMB !!! \r\nVictor B. Repin the Buff  Excellent, authentic food and great service!\r\n\r\nMy cousin and our daughters came in for lunch and ordered the braised chicken and mofongo with salami, cheese and fried eggs. We were not disappointed with either dishes, everything was seasoned and made perfectly! This restaurant is a wonderful contribution for diverse foodies out there!  The menu is interesting and the food is tasty.  The fried yucca and sauce was strong while the sweet plantains and grilled chicken flavorful.  Sangria and lots of other beverage choices abound.  After moving back here from living in So Florida for 5 years I was more than excited to see the sign on my way to work one day!  I have to tell you they did not disappoint in any way!  The braised chicken was AMAZING!  I also got an order of the fried yucca and with the salsa OMG!!!  The service was great!  I always love going to locally owned business and supporting the non-chain businesses!!!  Will be back for sure!!!  My family went on Mother's Day as a treat for some real Dominican breakfast. Mangu with eggs fried cheese and salami. We needed a fix of the real deal that we are used to from the east coast and my mother in law's which we definitely got! Delicious and filling.  Es mi segunda visita y de nuevo la Comida excelente, Buena variedad de entradas, y platillos, ademas de un muy buen servicio. Las empanadas son tienen muy buen sabor, recomendada la carne guisada y el pollo guisado.  This will be my new home for a long time. We went here when they where located in Queen Creek, we are going to keep coming here more because it's finally down the street from my house. Have patience people, it's worth the wait! My Cuban and Dominican family loves this place and will always be here.  I was down in Chandler this weekend to attend the ballet and wanted to find something different and I was so happy to have happened upon this place while searching in Yelp.  While the food is great in Scottsdale, we don't as much choice when it comes to international cuisines.  This was a gem of a find.  The food is super delicious and a great change to the usual trendy fair.  I had the garlic shrimp mofongo, which was sooooo good. And the fried plantains were out of this world.   The restaurant is clean and the wait staff is very friendly.  I highly recommend this place!!  This is a hole in the wall but the food was top shelf. tje service was good, the food was great and plentiful. I had the braised beef and it was cooked just right and had amazing flavor. will definitely be back.  I had lunch at this restaurant today with 3 friends. I had the Mofongo Shrimp with Garlic.. It was OK.. However, both, the Mofongo and the shrimp lacked salt. I had a side of Spanish rice as well. I paid $16.99 for the dish and $2.99 for the Spanish rice. I believe that, for the portion that I had, it was just too expensive. As a desert I had flan..It was good, but rather small. I am not sure, that I will return, because of the price of the food, which is in no relation to the servings.\r\nAnother thing that bothered me is, that a couple, who had come in minutes after we did, got served their food before we did.. \r\n\r\nThe server was very nice and helpful, though. The owner of the restaurant also came to our table to ask us, if everything was ok..  Went there for the 1st time a few weeks ago, awesome atmosphere friendly host and SUPERB FOOD! Going again tonight and having desert this time!  Popped into this place on a Saturday night and the first thing we realized was the great bachata playing! The food was just as amazing as the atmosphere and authentic food! We will definitely be making a trip at least a few times a month for the fried cheese and salami! Yum!!!  This place is phenomenal! I'm straight from NYC and been searching desperately for a dominican place and my prayers have been answered! I just miss being around my ppl.. my music and more and this did it for me in every aspect. I had the chicharron de Pollo and tostones and the tostones were nice and crispy just like I like em.. the chicharron was good but boneless so keep that in mind. I'm here for the 2nd time and really enjoyed everything EXCEPT for the mofongo! That made me a little annoyed. I ordered a mofongo with chicharron pollo and they put the chicharron(which tasted pretty good) on the side and filled the mofongo with BACON! umm.. who puts BACON in a mofongo.. I'm all for putting a twist to old classics.. but can u WARN A Girl!  OVERALL everything else was good.. the tres golpes was on point and the steak and onions was also delish!\r\n\r\nThe price is not as good as I'm used to it but that's understandable considering it's the ONLY dominican place in Maricopa county! It's a must go. The owner said he is working on getting live bands 2 perform and even have karaoke nights in the near future.  A very well prepared and presented meal. I had the Tilapia Empanizada and it was delicious.  Our group had a pleasant gathering here, and the place does look conducive to such. The restaurant is very clean with creative decorative touches, such as ceiling lights with skillets and buckets for lampshades. There was only one server that evening but it was not a busy night so it was fine, and the server was very gracious and efficient. I ordered the mofongo de cerdo; the plantain mash was very tasty with bacon and garlic, though a bit drier than I would have liked. The pork bites were bland and overcooked. Overall the experience was OK, though the food I chose could have been a bit better. A return visit is not out of the question, especially since there were a number of interesting items on the menu I'd like to try.  I have been here couple of times and really enjoyed the food. Really authentic Dominican style. The service is great, very nice waitress both times. I recommend visiting if you want to try something new and different from the usual.  SO GOOD! The food here tastes very homemade like from someone's kitchen. I imagine a Dominican staff in the back cooking up these delicious meals. I would so come here again! And Melissa the server is so sweet. She owns this place with her husband and his 2 brothers. Family owned, super delicious homestyle. I'll definitely be back!!  My Dominican food experience is very limited, so take this for what it is worth.\r\n\r\nThe waitress was great at explaining what some of the dishes were.  We started with an order of Chicken Empanadas.  I seriously could\'ve had just these for lunch.  The two sauces that come with were really good.  One was slightly sweet, the other has a slow burn but it wasn\'t like "This girl is on fire" burn.  More like a "Proud Mary Keep on burnin\'" burn.\r\n\r\nI ordered a Mango and Papaya Natural Juice with milk.  It was heaven in a glass.\r\n\r\nMy husband had the braised beef with Moro Rice.  I honestly liked it more than the Chicharron de Pollo and Mofongo that I ordered.  The beef is a little tough, but the flavor makes this dish.  The Moro rice was good.  Think Spanish rice, but with more flavor .  We also ordered a side of the white rice and beans.  That was really flavorful as well.\r\n\r\nI had the Chicharron de Pollo with Mofongo.  The chicken and the garlic dipping sauce was really good, and is a good choice if you are unsure of what to order.  The Mofongo, I thought was really good.  It is mashed plantain and bacon.  It is really heavy, so I couldn\'t eat a lot of it.  I don\'t know what it is supppsed to be like, but this was fairly dry, and served with a sauce on top of it.  \r\n\r\nOverall, Mambo\'s is good!  It\'s nice to have something different and to support the smaller, non-chain local restaurants.  This is my favorite restaurant in all of Arizona thus far. Amazing food with great service. Their meals are very homemade that their food can transfer you to the DR. Definitely a place to go if you are looking to try something new and delicious. These guys deserve way more attention, customers and credit. One of the few very fitful restaurants that always satisfy you and will never change their menu. Please let the word out about this amazing restaurant and give it a try.  Authentic food and environment.  I had a Cubano with plantain chips all was very tasty.  The Cubano had a lot of meat and came out hot.  Service was good also, every time my drink was empty the waiter filled it.  I will be back.  I love the food here. Soooo yummy! The yucca fries are a must try.\r\nWe only ordered appetizers this time. We got the mambo plate, amazing. A little "dry" but use the lime and it\'s great. The texture makes you think it\'s dry, but it really isn\'t.... \r\nthank you again for a wonderful dinner!  Came here on a Saturday night. I was quickly seated by a beautiful waitress. I ordered a strawberry milk drink and mofongo de pollo. The decor was pretty and the Latin music lively. They had many things on their walls of Dominican culture. It was steady in business and sports was on the TVs.  First a salad came out and it was delicious. They did check on me a couple of times which was nice and everyone was sooo nice. I also had a morir sonando that was suggested to me by another beautiful waitress. In all this place has a lot going for it. All my drinks and food were great and now I'm stuffed haha.  Yuuuuuummmmm! Came in for lunch today. The food was awesome ( darn you, yucca fries and your tasty goodness! ) Service was very sweet. Highly recommend!  This was my introduction to Dominican food, and I was happily surprised by how much I enjoyed the experience. My lunch of mofongo with shrimp was excellent, the service was friendly and prompt, and the prices are reasonable for the amount of food served. The menu is diverse, and there are many options to choose from, so whatever your palate, give this place a try!  So we came here Wednesday night the place was empty. It was our first time here and we just wanted to try something new. So we ordered and it took about 45 minutes after we ordered to get our food.. Food was ok i wouldn\'t say worth the price and wait. Me and my girlfriend always ask each other after we try a new place, "Would You Come Back?" and our answer was no.  My first time trying Dominican food and it was really Tasty! Customer service was awesome. The owner even let me sample since I was scared to try it for the first time. The restaurant was very clean!! Check this place out if your looking for good food and friendly service!  Good food\r\nNice place\r\nFair price\r\nNice people\r\nRecommended- try it, you'll like it\r\nPer very nice waitress, Dominicans cooking Dominican food \r\nTasty chicken  Being Dominican, outside of anywhere of the east coast is nearly impossible to find any establishment that cooks and serves our dishes.   Have lived in AZ (Tucson) for nearly 4 years.   Did not know that this fantastic restaurant was located in AZ.  It is a great place to go listen to some bachata, merengue and salsa.  While enjoying some delicious dishes.  Definitely one of my top places to eat in AZ.  Gracias por la deliciosa comida  Excellent food. Had the fried plantains and the chicharron chicken. Hubby had the pork chops and rice and beans. Highly recommend.  We didn't have the same experience as all the 5 star reviews here. The food and service was just ok and the server was polite. I'm just confused as to why this is five star, where are you people usually eating?  This restaurant has pretty good reviews. However, for me food was bland. I was disappointed because I thought the food would be similar to Caribbean style foods with curries etc. it's a very nice restaurant inside but the food could use some TLC. I had the pork chop. Tasted a little old and rice was ok. Beans were good but could use a bit more flavor. Idk but maybe it's a cultural thing and Dominican food preference is very mild. So two stars is for the price of the food versus the value of the taste. Not a 15 dollar plate for sure. Sorry.  Excellent and as authentic as it can get. I always get the lunch of the day. Reasonable prices and fair portions. All lunches of the day give u choices of rice or moro, with a mini salad included.  Very clean place.  Great job.  Great food and the place feels like home. Fun music and great atmosphere. Definitely coming back. The only downside is that the service is a little slower than ideal, so wouldn't come here if I'm in a rush. Check them out!  I've  lived in Dominican republic for a year or so and I can tell when food is authentic this place is just that. The decoration is cool they used pans as lamps. I got the monfongo a LOT of people review it as dry,  it's suppose to be like that. They provide a garlic sauce to wet the mashed platano. I like to add lime juice inside the garlic sauce to give it a touch.Will come back because of the salami Frito and queso Frito. Fried cheese and salami which is a classic dish in DR with fried platano. There was a long wait in between ordering and receiving food but it was a busy night so can't complain that much.  This is a nice restaurant, nicely decorated and clean.  On this night, a Wednesday, there was only one server, but it didn't matter because there was one other table being served.  The turnout is such a shame because The Valley needs more places like this.  I had the Bistec Saltado, which is a a marinated steak (not sure in what spices, but it wasn't spicy) cut into strips and saut\xc3\xa9ed with onions and bell peppers with a side of rice (You can choose white rice or Moro rice, which is a Spanish rice with beans).  Very tasty and a very large portion, can definitely feed two people, but I managed most of it LOL.  The server was very attentive and filled up our cups of water various times.  In the end, it was a good meal but it didn't astonish me.  I will probably come back and try the mofongo, or something else, but it definitely deserves another try.  I have been wanting to try this place for a while now, and I'm glad I did the food is amazing! Literally the best food I've ever had! Please come and support this beautiful family restaurant.. the service is incredible, atmosphere is perfect along with great music! Everything we tried was delicious.  Great service and welcoming staff. Empanadas were better than the 3 Puerto Rican restaurants I've been to and the Cubano was ridiculous. Looking forward to trying the rest of the menu items!  The food was amazing. The atmosphere was really nice, as well as the staff. I really felt like I was back in the Dominican Republic. This place is far from me but I plan on going back again. There is nothing better than food from my island.  This place is amazing. It is where ma it's Cuban food used to be and boy am I glad Mambos is here now instead! Their food is not only clean and delicious, but the customer service is so on point. I work near by and they are always respectful of our time during a lunch hour. The food is authentic and the Moro rice is my favorite. You will need to try the plantains and empanadas!!! Carne de res guidada is the best I have had in the west and the pollo is also super good too. Top it off with el jugo fresa and call it perfect. Food and experience are always enjoyable. And their decor is super cute too. Reminds me of my trips to Miami when I am missing the beach atmosphere in the desert.  We decided to try a new place and new food. Unfortunately we waited more  than an hour for our food.  Most of us didn't think the food was worth the wait.  The mofungo was super dry and the pork was mostly fat and very dry. The waitress was sweet but inattentive. Sadly we will not visit this place again.  It may look a little doubtful from the outside but it is nice inside. The ambiance music makes you want to get up and dance, which my toddler did. The service was good. There wasn't very many people, when we went, and the man who appeared to be the owner\\/manager changed their tv to cartoons to accommodate my two year old. I appreciated that. The samples appetizer was delicious along with their other dishes. A very home cook feel and taste.  Loved their pork bits and plantains! Great customer service with an enthusiastic atmosphere!!  Food is a 10\r\nService is a 10\r\nLocation is easy and accessible so basically a 10\r\nPersonal Opinion: Mambos is as authentic as eating in your abuelitas kitchen! The food is delicious and full of flavor! Melissa (co-owner) is attentive and as sweet as the morir so\xc3\xb1ando (orange cream drink)! We will definitely be returning soon!  Loved finding a dominican restaurant in Chandler.   They used to be in Queen Creek which was much too far for me.  \r\nThe place is so adorably decorated with lots of colors, prints, and it is clean and neat as a pin.  Very caribbean looking.  \r\nWe found the entrees to be on the high side for caribbean food --$14 and upwards.  \r\n\r\nWe ordered the pork chunks with white rice and beans and Mofongo with chicken chunks.  Both came with small salads which was nice.  The salad was fresh but a bit overdressed.  Less oil please. It was just too much.\r\nThe food came in an appropriate amount of time and looked amazing.  My son loved the chicken chunks as they were good pieces of chicken without bones.  The mofongo came with bacon in it which added to the flavor.  But mofongo usually comes with a side of sauce ( because mofongo can be dry) consisting of beef stew gravy or chicken stew gravy. The sauce they gave us was yellowish, watery and almost tasteless although it was purported to have garlic in it when we asked.  They should improve the sauce.  The sauce that comes with mofongo is EVERYTHING.  Without a good side sauce, mofongo can be too dry.  The sauce they gave us didn't have enough flavor to put it on the mofongo.  \r\n\r\nThe pork chunks, which came with wilted red onions at my request (thank you),  needed more seasoning.  Maybe more garlic and salt.  They were not overcooked which is usually a problem with this dish.  The white rice was perfectly cooked and the red beans were very tasty.  \r\n\r\nThe server was charming and amazingly helpful with all our questions.  Went here with an  extremely high recommendation from Puerto Rican cousins  who recently relocated to Arizona.  We consider ourselves Mofongo experts as it's a basic staple of our Puerto Rican family kitchen.   Stopped in on a midweek night and it was virtually empty, not a good sign.  So I ordered the mofongo with chicken chiccarones, boneless chicken chunks that were over cooked with zero hint of any spice.  The mofongo that came with was missing the basic staples of what makes mofongo great.  Missing were pieces of deep fried pork rinds so the mofongo lacked crunch.  Instead they were substituted with pieces of bacon which were way off the mark.  Then, where was the salt and where was the fresh chopped garlic that's supposed to be mashed into the platanos?  And finally the side of garlic dipping sauce lacked fresh garlic and lacked cilantro.  The plantains seemed chewy, the whole dish was off.  With all that said, I will never return again, and will dream of the mofongo food trucks that I ate it in Puerto Rico.  Friendly staff! The Cuban sandwich was out of this world. Best I've had to date in Az  Love the food...Los Tres Gorpes my fave. The people are nice and welcoming. Wish they had the Presidente beer and I'll be set. Perhaps today was the fifth time visiting Mambos. Yes will return!!!!!  Exploring the numerous flares of cuisines, Mambo\'s Dominican fulfilled a spot on my plate. Since I have not been to the DR, I can only compare it to Costa Rican food, especially because of the plantains - which is like a starchy banana. \r\n\r\nThree of us ordered the following: for lunch:\r\n\r\nMofongo de Camorones - mofongo is a mound of fried green plantains with garlic, oil, and bacon and a side of garlic sauce. Enjoyed the juicy shrimp based in a garlic sauce as well. Side salad with house dressing comes with dish. $16.99. My favorite. \r\n\r\nThursday\'s Lunch specials for $7.99:\r\n- Pollo Guisado\\/Braised Chicken \r\n- Carne de Res Guisado\\/Braised Steak\r\nLunch plates come with a side of rice and beans or Moro (which is rice of the day) or vegetables and a side salad. The Moro was like a "dirty" rice with beans. \r\n\r\nOption add-on items: \r\nFor a $1.99 you can add sweet soft fried plantains or tostones (fried dried and pressed salted plantain). Both are great options depending on your liking for sweet or salty. \r\n\r\nDecor was interesting because pots and pans and mugs  light fixtures filled the ceiling. Uniquely decorated. Server was kind and dishes were delectable. I\'ll be back again.  So tonight my banana was split! Jk. Instead of my cherry. Apparently, the Dominicans love bananas and plantains. A lot of plates have so form on plantains. I have the Mofongo. It was interesting. It was harder then I thought. It was almost like bread texture but denser. It was good. I got the pork mofongo. The pork was pretty fatty and a little dry for my American taste. The place did not seem too busy but it took over an hour to get our food. But when we started eating, a very large page of more than 20 people came in that had ordered ahead and put the kitchen behind. The staff was very nice and recommended a lot of tasty stuff. I will definitely go back to try another plate.  Well, this visit was supposed to be a pleasant one for my good friend's birthday. It started off amazing, thanks to our lovely, kind server, but took a hard, fast swan dive later. So my meal kind of sucked, but not at the fault of the restaurant. I ordered something I was unfamiliar with and it just was not for me... at all. Here is what really pissed me off and ruined do the night: When it came time to pay, I gave my car to the server, of course. Well, after 15 minutes, finally comes back and says the card was declined, which I knew it was not. She takes the card to run it again, and my friend gives his up to pay as well. After another 15, she comes back and says their machines are down and they can't run the cards. Ok, so what do we do? The manager, I'm assuming, comes out and tells us that he took down our do card info to charge us later. THAT made me mad. You don't take my card info down without asking me first. I would not have allowed it. Thankfully, I was carrying enough cash to cover the bill, and I told the manager to remove and destroy my info, period. For all of this, we were not offered a discount, an apology, nothing. I have a feeling I'm going to see the charge soon anyhow, even though I paid for the meal in cash. Poorly handled situation and I won't be returning at all. Super disappointed.  Our group hit this place this month and it was a nice experience.  The place is about medium size and simply furnished.  The servers were very attentive, friendly and willing to answer any questions we had.  We started off with a few appetizers that were really good.  The Yucca was cut like home fries and served with a really flavorful cilantro sauce.  Then we all ordered several dishes to try, Mofongo w\\/de pollo (Chicken) & de cerdo (Pork), Cuban Sandwich & Bistec (Steak) Sandwich.  Everything was good.  I really like the Mofongo, nice and garlicky...  Friendly atmosphere, eclectic decorations, and yummy food. We had the beef empanadas, tostones, and the mofongo. The empanadas were delightful especially with the green sauce served with them. Tostones had me wanting to order more just for the drive home. The mofongo was a bit on the dry side but the garlic dipping sauce certainly provided another depth of taste. Good portions. Had mofongo to take home, which I won't do again. Does not reheat well. But, overall, Mambo's gets five stars for me in terms of being a bit different from the usual AZ fair, the super nice gentleman who greeted us and equally kind wait staff.  I came here for dinner with my boyfriend and the food was pretty bad. I ordered the pollo guisado and it was very bland and flavorless. The chicken was so over cooked that the bones were beginning to break down and it was in this flavorless watery sauce. The dressing on the salad that came with my meal was overly salted as well. My boyfriend ordered the Cubano and it was just okay. The food was overpriced for what it was and the quality of it. It is very obvious that the food is not fresh here.  Great atmosphere and super tasty food! My cousin and I visited this place because of the positive  Yelp reviews and I  happy to say that it really was great !\r\n\r\nThe food had great flavor and our waitress was so friendly and nice ! I highly recommend and can't wait to go back !  The food is not bad, but it's not great either. The service is a little slow, seems like they need one or two more servers.  Our experience was quite good - wife had mofongo with shrimp that was excellent, I had the fried chicken with Moro that was pretty tasty.  Honestly I wish I had tried one of my favorites in the Cuban sandwich though as the fried chicken chunks weren't anything special - would be improved with a unique dipping sauce or something.  The mango juice was ok, but the flavor was just off for some reason that we can't quite pin down. Kids had a standard cheeseburger with fries, plenty for them to share.\r\n\r\nService was solid - attentive to refills and asking how everything tasted.  Restaurant is nicely decorated and in good shape, everything seemed clean and well taken care of so far.  Will definitely go back and explore their unique menu again!  I went in with high expectations :) & Wow did they exceed them!! The service was GREAT! Very attentive, and super fast. The food was so flavorful, they have this green sauce there that is perfect for dipping the tostones *fried plantain* I mean just GREAT! I will deffinetly be going back weekly, I am so happy to have found this gem! Almost forgot the music  for doing your happy food dance!  I had "to go"food - I want to come back when they install the beer ;) I ordered Cocido which was pretty flavorful I\'m sure because it had bones in the meat! The Cubano was great! The mofongo with fried cheese and salami -- was interesting, you get a heaping portion of mashed plantains with onions which I\'ve never had before, without the onions it would have been bland. I had to salt and pepper the crap out of them - maybe I should have added hot sauce?  I want to go back to try and see how the service is, and also to try more dishes! So far so good!  Amazing food. Great music and wonderful people. Perfect place to have fun and eat good tasty food. Love this place to the max.\r\nMoro rice with beef sauteed with peppers were amazing. I would eat the same everyday. Empanadas were good too. I'm not sure if they have beers on tap, but good choices of bottled beers. Overall this place deserves all the praise  Excellent. Staff so friendly and want to accommodate you. Food Delish. Had the sliced steak with peppers. Yucca fries are awesome. Husband had the Cuban Sandwich. Great portions. Will be back  Have been here twice recently. The food is great and service is friendly. I have both times ordered pollo guisado lunch special. I am Mexican, not Dominican; but the food tastes homemade. Pay close attention to the check, first time; they undercharged me. The second time they overcharged me.  Been excited to try this place. We went later in the evening and were spoiled by the staff; very attentive and friendly. Decor is really nice, good music, few TVs playing music videos and sports games.\r\nTo sum up the food: FRESH & flavorful!! We had tostones - cheese empanadas - salad - fried cheese - salami - chicharrone de pollo - bistec encebollado - moro - arroz con leche. The portions were generous and priced appropriately.\r\nWe were told they'll be getting Presidente beer soon too; can't wait!!\r\nLooking forward to returning, so much I still wanna try  This restaurant is amazing. The minute you walk in the door you feel like you are home in the Dominican Republic. Everyone is super friendly and the food is awesome!  Highly recommend Mambo's, the food was plentiful and delicious! I had the empanadas, yucca frita and mofongo with garlic shrimp. Plan on going back to try the other dishes.  My little ones & I enjoyed our 1st time trying Dominican food.  We shared a meal of one chicken empanada, banana milk shake & one order of Shrimp Mofongo.  \r\n\r\nThe empanada was devoured in the blink of an eye. I liked the seasoning, not too salty. The chicken meat filled the empanada - no big empty gaps inside.  It was shredded & had a good balance of not too dry - not too moist. The empanada had a nice crispy bubbled crust that was not heavy & not greasy.  It's served with a little green chili sauce that I was all about! Mmmm.  I could probably order one for each of us next time & the shared milkshake would be a nice satisfying lunch or light dinner meal for us. \r\n\r\nWe split the milkshake. it was good too. Creamy & not too sweet. Both girls loved it! \r\n\r\nHaving never had Mofongo before, I can not say whether it was the best.  But we all thought it was yummy! It was filling. The texture & taste kind of reminded us of potatoes. The shrimp was flavored nicely & cooked perfectly, not chewy. \r\n\r\nThe place was clean, decorated charmingly with light fixtures made with various cookware, that my girls marveled at & pointed out. The atmosphere is colorful & we couldn't help but dance to the merengue music streaming from Pandora.  We were attentively served by a warm smiling lady Melissa.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE! This place is overpriced and the food is bland. Monfongo was overpowered by the bacon bits & drenched in a creamy sauce. The pollo a la plancha was orange but had no flavor! Not to mention the place smells like cat litter.  Food was really good. Staff took great care of us even though we came in late and they made us feel right at home. Empanadas had amazing flavor. Garlic shrimp mofongo was wonderful. Pork bites were tasty. Very satisfied and will come more often even though we live an hour away. Highly recommended!  My husband and I visited Mambo\'s for the first time today after searching Yelp for quality local cuisine. We are both big fans of Dominican\\/Ecuadorian\\/Peruvian\\/Colombian\\/Puerto Rican food and have enjoyed it all over the world. I must say we were quite impressed! The atmosphere was pleasant, with one Latin hit after another making us dance in our seats. Everything looked to be very clean, which is very important to me. The waitress was very friendly and attentive. I can\'t remember her name... Everyone there seemed very nice! And above all, the food was hands down to die for!!! \r\n\r\nI enjoyed the salmon with Moro (rice and beans)... The fish was cooked just right with delicious flavor and the Moro was yummy too! My husband had the "Mambo Platter" (pork, fried chicken, and Tostones)  and I kept stealing bites from his plate! It\'s listed as the first appetizer on the menu, but was certainly more than enough for a full meal. We shared a cheese Empe\xc3\xb1ada and it hit the spot! The Tostones (salty fried plantains) and the Maduros (sweet fried plantains, which are my absolute favorites) were some of the best I\'ve ever had (and I\'ve enjoyed them in places like Quito and San Juan)!! Even the salsa for my green salad and the salsas that accompanied the dishes were excellent! To top it off, the Naranja (orange juice) was just perfect... Not too sweet or bitter. My husband enjoyed a couple of the Mojitos, which looked delicious to me!\r\n\r\nI am currently expecting and I anticipate returning to this spot often to fulfill some of the crazy cravings I\'ve been having, Lol! I HIGHLY recommend this little mom n\' pop shop and will gladly be returning very soon!! Two thumbs WAY up!!! Que riqu\xc3\xadsimo!!  Great authentic Dominican food. Going to this restaurant brings back fond memories of Dominican Republic.  Loved the food - ordered the Pollo guisado con arroz con moros and Papaya Juice - delicious!!\r\nGreat music and great service!  I love ethnic food.  Not just Mexican or Chinese.  I love the idea of Peruvian restaurants, Puerto Rican cuisine, Brazilian food, Filipino food, etc.  So when I saw "Dominican" I was excited.  Never had that before!  I was looking forward to trying it.  I really wanted to like this place.\r\n\r\nBut I can\'t.\r\n\r\nThe food was not bad.  The fried chicken was cooked perfectly...lightly crispy, not greasy.  The empanadas were light and flaky.  It was all done perfectly.  But it was extraordinarily lacking in flavor.  I would be shocked if Dominican cuisine really is this lacking in robust flavors given that the Dominican Republic is in the Caribbean, settled by Spaniards who brought African slaves.  That\'s a lot of diverse influences and they produce a fried chicken that is just chicken...no noticeable seasoning?  I don\'t think so.\r\n\r\nEven the mofongo was disappointing.  What is probably a signature dish in Dominican cuisine, and it was so bland.  It is made from mashed plantains, which didn\'t sound good to me, but i wanted to try it.  And it wasn\'t bad.  But even with the "garlic sauce" (which wasn\'t very garlic-y) it just had almost no flavor.\r\n\r\nThe service was very good.  Friendly and responsive.\r\n\r\nI really cannot recommend this place.  It\'s just bland, bland, bland.  I was referred by a co-worker who recommended the pepper steak and garlic shrimp.  I got the rice\\/beans as a side with both dishes and it all was very good.  One of the owners recommended a plantain based dish that sounded really good, I'll be getting that next time.  The best Dominican food in Arizona hands down Great services amazing ppl great atmosphere.  The food was delicious and the people were friendly. The empanadas were delicious. There are chicken, beef, and cheese empanadas. The chicken may have been extra delicious. The entrees pollo guisado (braised chicken) and the cerdo (pig) were very good. The tostones (plantain chips) and maduros (sweet plantain) were also good. We would recommend it.  Me and my fianc\xc3\xa9 can't find the words to express how much we loved the food here. The staff was helpful & friendly. The chicken was tender and full of favor. The shrimp wasn't over cooked and cooked to perfection. The Moro (rice with black beans) was something that was sooooo good  that I could have by its self. I would suggest this place to anyone wanting an amazing meal.over all a great experience  We tried Mambo's for the first time yesterday. The food is delicious and very flavorful. The only problem\r\nIs the wait. I would suggest ordering a couple appetizers from their happy hour menu or you might get hangry. Our server was apologetic and very friendly. Either the kitchen needs more workers or more servers are needed. I had the shrimp with peppers and onions. The Moro rice was delectable. We also ordered Moscow mules from the happy hour menu which was tasty. The ambiance was cool and it was very clean. Impressed with the light fix and menus. We will definitely go back again.  So yummy! Taste as if you were eating a home cooked meal right in the DR. Even the little one inhaled everything, it's that delicious. The staff is super friendly and very accommodating.  It's a small r3staurant that is not visually anything special. The food how ever is perfect. I'm not Hispanic so I can't speak to how authentic the food is, but we were the only non Hispanics in the place. I loved every bite of my food and the passion fruit smoothie. The serve was very nice and answers all are questions.  Very sweet people! The food was great! We had arroz con gandules, pl\xc3\xa1tanos, mofongo con shrimp, y Dominican fried chicken. It was so good and flavorful.  Great food and good customer service. If you want some real Dominican food then you should go here. Also, the Morir So\xc3\xb1ando juice is to die for! We love love love that juice!  I had the goat, beans and rice. It was amazing and the wait was short. We received excellent customer service as well! I will definitely be back  Considering the general lack of Caribbean restaurants in greater Cleveland, this place is as good as it gets! I mean, where else can you get Mangu around here?  The food options are tremendous and the service is great and attentive.  If I can't go to Sousa every month, at least I can come here and reflect on the things that make DR so great!!  Awesome food!! I drive from an hour away just for the mangu! Super friendly staff as well!  On a road trip and found this place right off the highway. I had mofongo con chuletas and a papaya shake. Excellente  Amazing food. I ordered their talipia which was out of this world. I am Puerto Rican so I know what good PR\\/DR food is! Service was lovely, local, made from scratch food!! Hands down would visit again next time I'm in Cleveland. This place does PR food right!!! About 12 dollars a plate but with the amount of food they give you, its worth it.  A low-key store front belies the hearty, savory food emerging from the kitchen in this Dominican staple! \r\n\r\nA friend and I parked along the curb out front for our first time here, not being quite sure whether there were better\\/legal parking options elsewhere. It was a little past normal lunch hour, so business was slow but we seemed to be the only non-regulars. Most people called in their order, hung around to chat a bit in Spanish when picking up their order, then went on with their life. We dined in at one of the booths along the wall, the other wall being occupied by a vacant bar. The hostess was welcoming but pretty hands-off and tolerated our butchering of the names of the Dominican dishes and provided us a pitcher of ice water and two glasses. You can request a few lime slices with yours if that's your thing. \r\n\r\nBoth my order of Stewed Chicken w\\/ Beans and Rice (Habichuela y Arroz con Pollo Guisado) and my friend's Shrimp Mofongo (Mofongo con Camarones) came with a simple salad. I wanted to try the Stewed Beef instead, but it wasn't available. The shrimp in her dish were little flavor-bombs, each and every one. My chicken was just on the upper side of average, but the stew itself made for an oily, yummy mess when drizzled over my rice. The beans for my dish came in a separate soup cup to be mixed in as I pleased. Both dishes were pretty filling - a siesta will definitely be in order if eating here for lunch!  I'm so very happy that I've found this place.  It was quick, fresh and delicious! I got take out and it hit the spot and had just the right amount of rice for the Dominican in me (a lot).  I will be going back and bringing friends to try it out during lunch.  Well being from the DR myself and knowing a few things or two about my country cuisine I can tell you this is it when it come to flavor and savor excellent food good authentic caribe taste those looking for a good food I recommended. \r\n\r\nNot a fancy place but full of flavor and the staff is superb. . .\r\n\r\nThank s guys good job.  I\'m an East Sider and we have NO Dominican restaurants by me so when my buddy from the West recommended Quisqueya, I was all about it. After verbally butchering my order of "chuletas con mofongo" the waitress playfully corrected me and made sure I knew what i was getting myself into and promptly went to the kitchen to have the chef start me and my buddies\' orders. The ambiance is something to be desired with nothing but Telemundo playing as you wait for the plate but the food makes up for it! The pork chop was tender with a delicious crisp to it and the mofongo was a great compliment. The only downside of my meal was that i was tricked by my friends into drinking a Malta Goya which might be Spanish for "Monkey Sack Sweat" because it was THEE worse thing I\'ve ever drank under false pretenses. Altogether, any time im on that side of town I\'ll be giving Quisqueya La Bella another butt in the seats  Amazing authentic Dominican food . I recommend the 3 golpes - Mangu , huevos, salami and best fried Spanish cheese ever !!! Enjoy :)  This is a no-frills restaurant that serves really good food at a reasonable price. I usually order the grilled chicken with rice and beans. They serve you a huge plate with the chicken leg and thigh resting on top of a bed of perfectly cooked rice. The beans, in a delicious sauce, are served on the side. I usually end up pouring them on top of the rice to soak up every ounce of the juice. \r\n\r\nOn a recent visit, one of my dining companions ordered the shrimp mofongo. I\'ve never had mofongo before so I was excited to try it for the first time. Wow, is it good! It might be my new "go to" at lunch.  The stewed chicken was a hearty flavorful meal served with beans & rice. Find and aromatic memories of this dish. Yes,  I would order it again though it was a bit more ($12) than I normally pay for lunch. That said, the food here is excellent and the portions are large so come to eat a lot or come prepared to share it or take some home. The selection of tropical drinks is also good. \r\nAll in all, a bit like a quick vacation to the tropics, right here in the CLE!!  My buddy and I took a couple of Dominican chicks to the shooting range the other week. I felt glad to empower the girl. She never held or shot a gun before. Like Nas said on "I Gave You Power", well, I gave her that power. I stood behind her and showed her proper form \\/ stance. Yeah, it may have been a creep move to stand directly behind a girl while she shot a gun, but damned if she didn\'t like it! Hanging out with these Dominican chicks had me wondering what Dominican food tastes like. So I looked this place up. \r\n\r\nA few months ago something happened in my mind and body that turned me off from eating meat. I have been trying to eat a very "clean" diet. I have also been like the first NWA album after Cube left: 100 Miles and Runnin\'. Fitness is feeling great. What does not feel great is when my buddy is now getting stronger than me. I have noticeably lost strength because of this combination of cardio and lack of protein. I guess these stupid Greek yogurts have not been cutting it. After he showed me up again lifting weights in his basement today, I was pissed. I was driven by this primal aggression and anger to eat meat! Like all you other hateful and mean carnivores! So I drove up to Quisqueya La Bella so I can regain my strength that I have been missing. \r\n\r\nI had the beef stew with beans and rice. They ran out of yellow rice which bummed me out. Once I got the food home, I realized that it didn\'t matter once all of the meat juices and beans were mixed in. I also added chicken for $4. They carry a bunch of other Latin American food items. Most of which I don\'t know what they are. Which is my favorite part of discovering new ethnic foods. I highly recommend coming here. If you like Rincon Criollo and Puerto Rican food, you will like this. They have a lot of dishes with plantains. The atmosphere is cool. There is a tropical beach painted on the wall. They play baseball games on TV. The service is friendly and accommodating to even lame gringos like myself.  Best Dominican in town, hands down. I love the Dominican culture and people, their food is some of the best. I like this place because my Father knows the owners, the Spanish community is a close knit one in Cleveland. Everyone knows everyone around here.  I can get a meal on consignment if needed. That helps in a pinch. \r\n\r\nThe beef stew is better than Rincon Criollo, which is saying a lot, because their beef stew is good and they give you a lot. You get so much rice and a lot of meat too, they\'re no slouches, lets just say that. They feed you the way they like to eat. \r\nAll of the owners\\/workers are regulars at San Lorenzo Night Club. Who by the way also has pretty good eats on Friday and Saturday nights. Sundays also, select hours. \r\n\r\nHaving the "Spanish Connection", so to speak, around Cleveland is a good thing if you take a liking to the cuisine. I grew up on it and like it more and more as the years pass...  EVERYTHING IS AMAZING. Literally, everything we got was amazing. Elotes, gorditias, tacos, NACHOS, plantain. A margarita & a mojoito... everything was amazing.  Fabulous tacos every time!! I love the tacos at sabor -authenticos style!! They are amazing! Corn tortillas and savory meat with awesome seasoning.\r\nThe guacamole is phenomenal and perfectly made for sharing--we get the large that comes with free chips. They have a selection of beer and good margaritas. I love their tacos!! I think two tacos is good unless you're super hungry then order three.  This is my second time eating at Sabor, the first location I went to was in Pineville area. This time we went to this location. I love gorditas so that's what I always order. I was expecting the gorditas to be made the same but this location fried the outer layer to like a chip like consistency. I'm use to having gorditas that are softer on the outside. Nonetheless I enjoyed it,  but would prefer all locations to be consistent on how they make their dishes.  So I've been to the other location a couple times years ago, cause it's down the street from my job, but I definitely like the setup of this location. \r\n\r\nIt's clean, updated, roomy, and well-lit. \r\n\r\nI'm going to have to go back for something else, because my nachos were just okay. There was very little queso which I discovered when I was almost done with my meal, hiding under four of my chips. Also, there wasn't a lot of meat. It was really just a big pile of chips and lettuce with a splash of ground beef, refried beans and queso. The flavors were good, but it was barely noticeable given the lack of main ingredients, like cheese. \r\n\r\nBut there I go, getting my go to nacho dish. So I'll take the 'L' for this one. This is clearly the type of place where I need to get some tacos or maybe a burrito. \r\n\r\nConsidering this joint is literally in walking distance to my house, I'll swing by again. Especially for the delicious salsas. Mmmm...  Nachos were so large topped high- need to share with another. I go for taco Tuesday's- corn soft tacos  great deal $1. No wifi here and cell reception dead inside for me at least one draw back. They do serve alcoholic beverages as well. The queso is also shareable and delicious.  Love love Sabor! The line out of the door on taco Tuesday says it all--this place is legit! My favorites include the quinoa avocado protein bowl and the yucca nachos! Also, their margaritas are reasonably priced and fantastically strong! The owners are super kind and have a passion for fresh, local ingredients. My favorite Mexican-Latin cuisine in Charlotte!  Nice place came here on a sunday for lunch so it wasnt packed at all. Got to the counter and placed order in no time. The menu is nice and pretty easy to make a selection because it doesnt overwhelm you. I ordered a couple tacos and an empanada which was pretty good! Tacos were really good as well, will be in my rotation of places to go when i want a good taco might earn another star in a later visit they were good but kinda hyped up in my opinion once i got there. Prices are fair and you get a good amount of meat on you taco worth checking out!  We were here a several weeks ago. This was our first time at this establishment. We had a chicken arepa and a chicken empanada special. \r\nI found the food to be quite bland. You can tell that the chicken was cooked well. The chicken was juicy, but there was no real flavor to it.\r\n\r\nNote- The restaurant seems to be popular, but we did not spend much time on line, but it did get very busy as we sat and ate.\r\n\r\nWanting to be fair, we went back. My husband likes the food here. I don't think this restaurant will be on my top 5 list of restaurants.  $4 Margarita Friday are better than $1 Taco Tuesday.\r\n\r\nThere. I said it. \r\n\r\nThe margaritas are bomb.  Yummy, great pricing and a bit salty. Fun relaxed spot with laughter, families, couples and my favorite...take out.  Tried Sabor for the first time today very good, fresh  and fast. We tried the fish tacos, steak tacos, burrito bowl and supreme nachos.  They also have several different salsas to try.  We will be back.  If you ignore the over 30 minute wait for our food, it was a nice meal! Glad to see Tina had a better experience early on.\r\n\r\nI was surprised with the excessive wait for an early dinner on Sunday, even with it being opening weekend, as this is the fifth location and I figured they would hit the ground running. Had they shared that we could expect such a long wait when we ordered, I probably would not have been as frustrated. Not to worry, I'm sure they will be up to speed soon enough and visitors will be able to expect the same great food at seriously good prices AND have it ready quick as a fiddle.\r\n\r\nThis location has the expected SouthPark polish and full Sabor flavor. The arepas are really quite filling and the elote loco corn really is a must-have for any first-timer, as was the case for my relatives visiting town. The setup is similar to the original Elizabeth location, so locals will feel right at home. \r\n\r\nI'm a big fan of Sabor, just consider giving this location some time before you rush over to enjoy a busy time like Taco Tuesday or any of their other fantastic specials. If you spend a lot of time in SouthPark, add this place to your regular rotation for lunch or dinner.  Service here is good and quick, nice casual place to grab a couple of tacos and a beer. I had the steak autenticos and the super glass bottled Sprite.  $1 taco Tuesday night!!! Everyone please go the food is delicious and they have different deals every day. The salsa bar is also a must try they even have pineapple habenero.  We have been to the NoDa location once and the South Park location twice.  We have had different items on each trip.  Everything has been great (except the margaritas, but everyone makes them too sweet and too weak).  Quick, easy place to get a flavorful meal at a good price.  We will be back.  There are other locations that make amazing food with a better selection of salsas. The people who work in the kitchen have huge heads of hair and they do not wear hats to cover up. While I stood in line I saw less than desirable sanitary habits. They do not have a sanitary number posted on the wall and I would be curious to see what it is. Sabor is one of my favorite restaurants in the Charlotte area, but the other locations produce much better food. One last annoyance, but has nothing to do with the food, is the sassiness. On a scale of 1-10 I would rate it an 8.5.  Food was excellent, but everything seemed very disorganized.  Machines were down. We thought we had placed our order, but about 15 minutes later someone came to our table and said it was not in.  Was annoyed because no one told us the order wasn't even in and there was no offer to expedite (was dining with children who by this point were antsy), even on our order of guacamole.  Spent over an hour at a counter service restaurant which is frustrating when dining with small children. \r\n\r\nWould love to enjoy the food again, it really was good, but will visit a different location from now on.  The customer service here was awesome. Our cashier walked us through almost every option and helped us pick some great dishes. It's a pretty low-key place with pretty standard Mexican dishes, but it's pretty good. Will definitely be back. And get the corn!  On popular days like Friday, Saturday, or Taco Tuesday, Sabor is packed!  We actually had to take our food home because their wasn't enough seating.  The burritos are amazing but the few times I have asked them to add lettuce they have failed repeatedly.  Other than that, it is one of my favorite places in Charlotte for Latin\\/Mexican food, and never fails to be delicious.  Love this chain! I usually go to the one on Hawthorn, but upon hearing about a new one in South Park area I just had to go! Food is authentic for a great price and they have so many great sauces that pair well which whatever you get. Will definitely make this a regular stop!  Great, just like the rest of their locations.  Nachos are very filling. Authentico tacos with chicken. Fabulous.  No line when we went on Tuesday.  Our new go to for Mexican. Prices are very reasonable. Have had great chicken quesedillas at other locations. Can't go wrong.  The food is okay. The wait can be long and the parking is slim during peak dinner hours. I do however absolutely love the spicy pineapple Salsa. I could sit there and eat queso, salsa and chips. Everything else is just okay. I've gotten sick three times, twice at the Elizabeth location and once at South Park. I've stopped ordering the el pastor pork as that was the common offender. They have cheap $1 tacos on Tuesday's. Ample seating, with bar like seating against the wall.  Had much better tacos at a street cart in Richmond VA for $6.  If you want this style just go to Cantina 1511 at the Park Rd shopping center.  I had an enjoyable to go order! \r\n\r\nCheese Arepa - Amazing!!! I microwaved it to melt the cheese, much better that way. I wouldn't recommend the grilled onions on it. \r\n\r\nChips- nice and light, very good! I didn't care for the dropping sauces  Quick service and fresh delicious food. the taco salad was yummy and lots of choices to make it your own. super healthy options.  I was surprised to hear a South Park location was added probably cause I have a hard time associating a "street grill" with the South Park area and demographic, but whatevs...  good food is for everyone!  \r\n\r\nThe new location is a little more "finished" than the Elizabeth or NoDa locations... maybe it needs a couple of months to get a "lived in" feel... or maybe they are trying to appeal to the South Park crowd.  Either way... I believe this is the largest of the 3 locations (tablewise) AND they have a parking lot unlike the other two locations.  Although the parking lot was completely full when I got there... its nice to know there are more spaces instead of trying to figure out where you are going to park.\r\n\r\nIt was Tuesday, so naturally there was a crowd that came in waves.  My group of five had to wait on a table, but ended up getting the bar seats that look out to the parking lot.  It usually works out, and it is good that you have to "fight" for a table.... but sometimes you don\'t want that hassle.  Had some standard beef tacos - felt like you got more protein here, but the flavor was different (just a bit).  Still a good taco... and beggars can\'t be choosers when you are paying $1 for a taco, but I would expect the same delicious food regardless of what day it was.\r\n\r\nProbably give the location a couple more months to "settle in" but for now, I may stick with the Elizabeth location and fighting the UPS trucks for parking.  I don't leave many reviews but a business trip brought me to Charlotte and after finding this place on Yelp, decided to give it a shot.\r\n\r\nLet me tell you, I have dreams about this place! Literally. The Dominican yuca nachos are KILLER, and the tacos are all fantastic! My husband was a huge fan of the empanadas, so add those to your list! I will be coming back to the area for the sole purpose of eating here again! \r\n\r\nMexican cokes are also a plus!  The food is awesome at any Sabor location and this is no exception. My issue here is the time it takes them to prepare the food. I have now been to this location 3 times and every single time it has taken far longer than necessary to get food to the table. Tonight, they were at roughly half capacity and I waited 10 minutes for a taco salad. The last time I was there, they completely forgot my friend's order. She finally got it about 20 minutes later. It seems like they have enough staff but maybe aren't using them efficiently. Just my two cents. I'll be back because Sabor is awesome, but I'd like to see this location step their service game up.  Love love love this place.  I don't know where to begin. Free order of chips when you heck in on Yelp  which is a huge order. Plenty to try the different salsas on their salsa bar. If the carne Adara fries where any better I'd be in San Jose. The street tacos are awesome. The loco is my favorite, with chicken. They have $1 tacos on Tues and Mon - Fri for Taco happy hour from I think it's 3-5pm.  I also enjoyed their empanadas. Yes, I pigged out. They have a great assortment of beer and Mexican Coke. So excited to have another location hats closer to where I live!  I checked out Sabor on a Saturday night and it was packed! I haven't been to the other locations, but have heard rave reviews so I was excited to try it for myself.\r\n\r\nI ordered two tacos and a margarita. My friend and I couldn't find a table, so we sat at the bar. We had to wait quite a bit for our food, but it was delicious. I got fairly plain tacos, so I want to try again and get something more substantial so I can better ranknbetween that and my other favorite taco places. \r\n\r\nI shared some queso dip with a friend and it was so yummy! She ordered a burrito and it was HUGE. \r\n\r\nThe have a salsa bar by the drinks so you can get what you like.  How can trump build a wall with such amazing food like this!? I've always wanted to try This place because it is close to my school but I never did until now. However this is for the South Park location. The EMPANADAS ARE AMAZING. I've never had one of those in my life and I see how that is easily a rookie mistake. Reasonable prices for the portions they give you. The food is cooked properly smells great and they have a hard working friendly staff. Seems like it does business well. But seriously order an empanada!!  Unfortunately I need to edit and downgrade my review of this newest Sabor location in South Park. The first week they were pretty good and mostly on the ball. Since then, it's been a steady decline in almost every area - service mostly. For a walk-up-and-order place, the service is PAINFULLY slow. No matter what time of day, the wait for both ordering and food prep is just too long for this type venue. I've tried this place 5 times, and the last 4 experiences were frustrating and disappointing. Last Tuesday, I stopped in at 1:40 on my lunch break, I ordered ONE fish taco and waited 15 mins. The evenings that I've gone, the average wait in line to just place your order has been 15 mins. Then another 15-20 mins for the order to be ready. Sorry but that's unacceptable for almost anywhere. There are two registers for ordering, yet there's been just one order taker each time I've been there. Biggest blunder of all...they've got the counter person wo takes orders ALSO answering phones and processing call-in orders...while the line of people waiting to order goes out the door. The manager and staff seem unfriendly and glum.  I kept trying this place ONLY because my experiences at the Elizabeth location on Hawthorne have been fantastic. I was SO looking forward to having a Sabor closer to me....but sorry Sabor South Park, I'll stick with the Hawthorne location.  Great food. Counter service, but made to order. Loved the flavors and the overall menu options. Street tacos and nachos were huge hits!  I have eaten at the South Park a couple times and many times at the Elizabeth location.  Food is always good.  I usually get the steak burrito and children like the carne asada with fries.  It is one of our favorite places.  This is a fast food restaurant. We ordered arepas and empanadas. They were ok. Not authentic taste but reasonable. I do not believe I will come back.  I tried something different this time. I kept seeing pics of the corn so I had to try it. I also got chicken taco salad. It was plenty of food I almost couldn't finish eating it all. The corn was good but I still like my corn on the cob with butter and salt. It is definitely a place you could pop in for a quick lunch.   I lucked up and found a parking spot. I could see it being hard to find parking especially if you go on taco Tuesday.  I tried Fran\'s Kitchen, because I had to shed some pounds for a wedding and the results were amazing! In 1 month I lost 21 LBS and have never been more thrilled. I had tried the "diet" thing before and always felt like I was hungrier than when I started eating. Fran is great with about portion control. You will have a reasonable amount of food, it will be filling. If she mentions the Keto diet, just say yes! It\'s hardcore but well worth it! You will kiss yourself after you are done. I recommend this to anyone who can stay disciplined enough to make it to their goal and after. I could NOT have done it without her! Sn: Don\'t cheat, because she has an all seeing eye that will track you down!  Yummmmmmyyyyyy!!!\r\nDelicious flavorful food. Great service. You can totally taste the freshness. Locally sourced. My fav was the plantains, beef strips with caramelized onions and the chicken lettuce wraps.\r\n\r\nMy only holdup is the cost. It's worth it, but tough for me personally to swing weekly.  First day! Breakfast was eggs, turkey ham, cantaloupe, honey dew melon. First snack: almonds, sun flower seeds. Yum. I am so happy. If all the food tastes this good then it will be very easy to stick it out. My goal is a minimum of 30 days, 20 pounds. My vice and my challenge will be coffee. I love my morning coffee. Wish me luck!\r\n\r\nDay 2. This will be my first complete day. Yesterday I had breakfast and snacks. Today I started with Starbucks. Then breakfast, 3 small pancakes, then an egg, sausage, kale and onions, scramble. Very tasty, surprisingly so. The three small pancakes were a bit chewy. I used the microwave. A toaster oven is suggested. I ordered a toaster oven from Amazon. It should be here tomorrow. Coffee will be my nemesis. I don't drink much but it is my morning ritual for decades.\r\n\r\nLunch. Again, very tasty. A ham, chicken lettuce wrap, topped with some sorta of sauce and diced tomatoes. Soup, I have no idea what it was, quite tasty. Had an almond, sun flower seeds snack. Lots of water.\r\n\r\nDinner. A salad made with mixed greens and cubed papaya. I added a tbsp of Newman's vinaigrette salad dressing. The protein was two boneless chicken thighs. Again, very tasty. Today's second snack was sliced strawberries. Maybe two total.  Fran is awesome. The food and more importantly the advice and expertise is great. I lost 22 lbs and learned that I like plantains in the process  Just an update finished my 30 day challenge today.  I lost exactly the 15 pounds I set for my goal. I ate clean for 30 days, I feel great, and I'm going to need a new belt.  \r\n\r\nNow off to Costa Rica where I won't be embarrassed to take my shirt off.  Thanks Fran!  Frans kitchen has got to be one of the best meal prep companies in Arizona. The food is amazing, it taste great and it's not your cookie cutter meal prep service. \r\n\r\nThey have a variety of plans tailored to individual goals and needs.  I have Meal Prepped with other companies and Frans Kitchen has blown everyone out of the water! \r\n\r\nWhen the typical goal is to get lean or to bulk up, the standard... ground turkey, rice & veggies... is the go-to. \r\nHowever, when you prep with Fran... your taste buds are stimulated with FLAVOR and ingredients that you can't find anywhere else! \r\nI did 3 days worth and each meal was SO filling and I almost couldn't eat all of it! \r\n\r\nMy husband who has completely different goals than me, enjoyed it if not more than I did! \r\nWe will be ordering more food from Frans Kitchen to begin our fitness journeys from now on! \r\n\r\nEasy to order, you can place your OWN orders if you have a favorite, and there are different plans you can choose from for what best fits you! \r\n\r\ngo to the website and just enter in your information- Fran will PERSONALLY call you to go over goals, allergies and plans! \r\n\r\nIf you are tried of the bland turkey and rice combo- check her out. \r\n\r\nBest decision I've made!  The meals feels very gourmet healthy food but it just wasn't my taste. I don't feel like the history that she obtains of your likes and not likes were completely taken into consideration. I wanted low carb, ketogenic, simple vegetable\\/ meats. What I got was just a wide range of things I had never eaten or tried in my life. I'm a picky eater so this just wasn't for me. When ordering, it just seemed like it was whatever was on the menu for the week. I don't like not being able to see a menu and pick which meals I'd want. I am not a great vegetable eater to where I eat anything put in front of me. I ended up throwing away over half of the meals. I think that for the open minded eater, this is a great option.  I've gotten my hair done with Kat and she is a true expert when it comes to hair. She is always caught up with the latest trends and her recommendations will not steer you wrong. She knows what cut and color look good for your tone and face shape but most importantly she listens to what you want out of your style. P.S: I have hair for like 4 heads and find it hard to find a good stylist so I'm very happy she's in AZ.  Today was the first time we have been to this awesome business. Ritchie took care of us and I don't think I have ever seen someone take that much time and care with a client. We will definitely be coming back. They have gained a for life client.  I have been struggling with my hair since I moved from NYC 10 yrs ago.  I tried a few salons here but the results were always the same, disappointment.  Due to a medical condition I started to loose my hair 3yrs ago, for this reason i just stopped getting my hair done.  When I met Kat, she was very professional and very sensitive to my needs.  She customized her techniques to meet my individual needs and made me feel comfortable.  \r\n\r\nThanks Kat for making me love my hair and feel beautiful again!!!  Great environment! Knowledgable  individuals with great experience to help you with your hair!  A must for ALL people!  Im going to let the hair speak for itself because Kat always does an amazing job. She is sooooo good that I'm in the salon like twice a week. I don't even bother trying to touch my hair.... She is the hair savior !!!! The absolute best!  This shop does it all from straight hair to curly and from braids to dreads and extensions. It's a combo Barbershop up front and full service hair salon in the back. They just celebrated their Grand Opening and already have a full clientele.  They are so good. The staff really cares and want their clients to return so they put in the extra time. The best in AZ.  Katherine is such an amazing hair stylist she has so much passion for what she does that u will never leave unsatisfied.  In New York Kat has always done my hair and I seriously have never found anyone else as amazing when it comes to styling or that I could trust with my hair. I have thick hair and she always had the patience to deal with my hair and make it look so beautiful. She is confident and creative but, her talent shows once you look in the mirror from a session with her. An overall amazing stylist and I cant wait for her to visit NY.  Just had an awesome experience with richie. From the very beginning he was very welcoming and courteous. Right away i could tell he is passionate about what he does. This man can cut hair i was looking for something different than my normal taper fade. I explained i had a new job and he just went with it. I highly recommend seeing richie if you're unsure where to go or just looking for something different!!++plus he stays open passed 5 o clock.  Excellent service! Kat is absolutely amazing. She has been doing my hair for over 4 years now, and you can see the improvement. She is professional, dedicated, creative and most of all she listens to her clients. You will love her!!!  I can't wait to get back to AZ to get my hair done by Kat. \r\nShe's so pleasant and always easy to talk to.\r\nHer skills with curly hair is undeniably the best in Arizona; by far!\r\nSee you soon!! :)  Katherine has been doing my hair for over a year and absolutely an amazing stylist. I am beyond picky with who I select to get my hair done by...I am from New York so I am use to having a good stylist and I know the difference between having a person who knows what they are doing and those that don't. I know when I am being pressured into a test object and when someone really knows how to treat my hair and not just what they want to do to my head. I know when someone will say I understand you want to do this, but honestly as a stylist I cannot recommend this for your hair, you only doing damage, and those are very hard to find. \r\n\r\nI have had those bad experiences of people testing on my head as if I am a lab rat...\r\n\r\nWell, look no longer because this young lady is amazing and you won't regret her taking care of you and doing a great job. \r\n\r\nShe takes her time, she's respectful, she's professional and very welcoming. It's hard to find a good blow- out spot in Arizona, especially when you are use to a great NY blow out. Well, AZ folks, she is here. She started at NYC Salon in Mesa and now taking her Talent to a new spot. Give her your support, you won't regret the experience of the salon and the amazing owner and staff there. \r\n\r\nIt's a really family friendly environment and they are amazingly warm, honest -pour love!!!! \r\n\r\nYou want people that's loyal, that you can open up to, say things to that won't assume or take it personal. If you tell your stylist you don't want something done, it's not a pressure and they can say OK I won't do that! You want someone, that's professional at all time and that's open and honest with you, if you build professional relationship with...they can be open and honest at all times. You want someone that CARE your HAIR and not just style it or you becoming their test object or lab rat...YOU want a person that values your HAIR and CARE your HAIR!!!\r\n\r\nI highly recommend her at all cost and on ALL LEVELS!!!!!  I took my son here as a walk-in on 9\\/23:\r\n\r\nMistake No. 1 no greeting (((Ugh))), Mistake No. 2 he wand up waiting 3 hours before he even got in a chair, and it wasn't even crowded, Mistake No. 3 the barbers are slow they do waaaay to much talking instead of cutting hair, Mistake No. 4 not to mention the very uncomfortable low to the floor seating in the waiting area and lastly Mistake No. 5, uh the cuts are mediocre for the price, so with each star available to choose before Zelp lets you post a review, they're definitely getting Zilch \\/ Zero!  Only chose 1 star bcz I had to choose one but again big fat ZERO!!!   Never, ever again.\r\n\r\nI recommend (King of Kurtz) right across the street or (The Shop by Leftys) in Ahwatukee.  Just Google them,  you'll find their location.\r\n\r\n\r\n- Philly all the Way,  Hands down the best experience I have ever had here every time I bring son to get a cut Tony is always great and patient and does an excellent job I wouldn't take my son anywhere else  New to Arizona, stopped in to get cleaned up before dinner. Was taken care of and got lined up perfectly. Nice to come to an establishment where people understand cutting hair is a skilled craft not a just a hobby. He took his time, good conversation and explained everything to me because I was a new customer. Class act! Customer for life.  Richie did a great job. I am very particular when it comes to my hair and when i moved to the east valley i had a hard time finding a good barber. Richie took his time, the conversation was great, and he had some great suggestions for me. I will be going back for my next cut!  Great place, great food at reasonable prices. Staff is great they make you feel like your eating at a friends house. Menu has a lot of options from a snack to lunch for a large group. I love the authentic dominican food. The restaurant always looks very clean.  Very flavorful Rotisserie Chicken, moist yellow rice, delicious lemonade.  Will definitely try again.  Another customer stated that the mac and cheese was very good, I'll have to try that the next time. No AC on during my dine in visit but the food was worth sitting in the warm temperature!  I love their food! We drive 20 mins to this location when we are in need of good Dominican food ! Love the portions that they give as well as the vibe . Highly recommend  Great food and great service. They don't skimp on the portions at all...I got a ton of oxtails,rice and greens for about $11.00.... Meat was tender and flavorful and staff is friendly.  Small hole in the wall with great food and service.  If you like to eat a lot, this place serves so much food I had to tell them to stop at one point because the plate was over flowing with food.  Super cheap too.  The food at this restaurant is great but sorry to say the service has much to be desired. For an example the server asking you three times what do you want because his attention is somewhere else. Or better yet asking for variations in plating such as substitutions and it can not be done until you decide your not going to purchase. Not mention their snarky attitude towards questions. Chef T is an awesome guy and his food is stellar, but his staff needs training in good attentive friendly service.  Great little spot specializing in Dominican and halal cuisine. Really clean, friendly and helpful staff. Most of the entrees and sides seemed to be out on a buffet hot and ready to go, but today I went for the Philly combo w\\/fries and they prepared it fresh in the back. The food was great, and the combo was only $6. But the cashier only charged me for the sandwich, so mine was actually only $5! The empanadas and sweet plantains were looking pretty tasty, so I'm sure I'll  be back soon.  Service is always great, and the food is always excellent. Definitely try to make it a point to stop here when I am in the area!  All I can say is AMAZING!!!! We ordered the lamb & chicken gyro & also the Philly cheesesteak & it was sooooo freaking good the best I ever had!!!!  tired of eating out? want some home cookin? well this is the place that makes u feel right at home. there's an amazing selection ready for u to make a platter....rice n beans, chicken, beef, goat, plantains, collards, cornbread, candied yams n the list goes on!!  they call it Dominican but def a fusion of soul food as well in the sides. will def be coming here again n again n again!  The oxtail was kind of a let down . Cabbage ok. Rice and beans pretty good. Large portions.  Overall a felt kind of ripped off. the portions were good.The taste oxtail had nooo flavor. 13.74 price should have got Mexican  Best macaroni and cheese around! Went a while ago and had the nicest guy helping us have been back several times since then and the food is always great!  I have eaten at this place a total of probably 20 times. The food is really good and their off days are rare. Despite being in a sketchy Strip mall, the place is always clean and well-kept. Their employee turnover seems high and your portion size is very employee dependent. Portion sizes have gone down since their opening and the prices charged are not always consistent with what's on the menu. I asked for a side of Bacalao when the menu clearly states a side of meat is $3.99 The employee stated that the owner says it is now $6.99 for an additional meat. My last few visits I noticed a careful rationing out of food and the fact that portion sizes are becoming smaller and smaller. Disappointing...  This place is totally worth it! Latino food made with Halal meat! Halal meat is already something special here because it is rare any restaurant use it. The difference in good quality is phenomenal! Yummy and tender chicken stew, cabbage cooked perfectly and they stay steady thought out the day! Food is ready made so it also makes the place extremely convenient!  I am dominican, i know real authentic dominican food. Especially beans !! && when i say im a picky eater im a picky eater ! This place out beat every dominican food joint in the entire state of North Carolina. The beans so good i can literally drink them !!!! if you like beans you know what i mean !! you must try  The first time I came here the portion was BIG, NY style then it started getting smaller & smaller. It's been months that I've come back, today I decided to try again. And I was shock because the new girl there today was friendly and prompt. Some of the other girls there before her was not always friendly. The portion was still smaller than the cart on Tryon, but it was good & service was on point.  Based on one visit this place is good- really good. The place is clean. The staff helpful and the food might darn fine.  Portions are large for the price.  I plan to go back and try some other items and that says a lot.  Recommend you give this place a try  Stopped by while getting car serviced up the road. Having lived in LA for years and from NY, always looking for good ethnic food. This place is a winner. Tried the beef and chicken stew- excellent! Esp the beef. Also tried the baked chicken- a little tamer on the flavors but yummy and falling off the bone. Got the mac n cheese for our side- BEST in Charlotte so far. It was delicious! And the portions are generous. We'll definitely be back!.  The food is really good with huge portion. The lamb shank is so tender and flavorful. The price is reasonable too. I had rice + lamb shank + vegetable + ice tea while my husband had rice + 1\\/2  whole rossiterie chicken + vegetable + soda and the total is only $24. I think that's pretty good deal.  The food is good here..... But each time I visited my food was luke warm. I like my food steaming, good thing I live close by I always had to use my microwave after I order. Oh well, I probably won't be returning. Can get the same food at Soanas fresh to order  The food is really delicious and flavorful. I tried the Dominican Burger and it was really tasty. A delightful blend sweet, savory, and spicy. They also have a buffet of Dominican soul food which looks really good. The food is said to be halal but I couldn't verify if it was hand slaughtered zabiha. Also there wasn't really anything special about the fries... So that's why I only gave it 4 stars. Other than that the owner is really nice and sweet. Chef tony is also really accommodating and gracious and he'll customize you're order if there isn't a long wait.  Poor customer service, way to expensive for such little amount . Employees are rude and cheap !  *HALAL*- awesome gem of a  place found  while traveling! Would never have imagined to find a halal Dominican restaurant near downtown Charlotte while road tripping , but so glad we came here . \r\n\r\nYou can Create your own combinations of a variety of dishes so the possibilities are your choice . We chose the lamb over white rice - SO GOOD! I personally think this was better than the famous Halal Guys Cart in NYC 10x better , and the sauce was soo tasty . Def recommend .\r\nAlso got the Jerk Chicken - soo tender and juicy and great taste ; had that with the vegetable rice and cabbage . \r\nGot a order or fried chicken to go - perfectly cooked .\r\nThey also have a variety of fresh juices . I got a carrot juice - tasted exactly how it's supposed to.\r\n\r\nWish we would have gotten more things to try because they have a ton of meat dishes but were soo full from everything , and definitely going to come back thru! \r\n\r\nThe also have free Qurans for you to take  , which just made me love this place even more \r\n\r\nOverall great place , quick and friendly service!  Another small, quiet shop tucked away in a corner that is a must try.  The ordering process is super quick and easy but could do with some signs or something for the food.  The staff could speak a little louder but they are courteous and respectful.\r\n\r\nThe oxtail was great and the rotisserie chicken was flavorful, albeit a bit too dry.  The yams are a must as well as the fried plantains.  The lentils and rice side is good and the mac and cheese, though soggy, was great.\r\n\r\nThis isn't the fanciest of places but I think it's a great spot to get some good food really quick for good prices.  The food was actually amazing.  I am only downgrading to 4 stars because of the wait, although this is often the case with food truck vendors.  Nevertheless I would highly recommend them to anyone in the area for a great, reasonably priced lunch.  I love the food here. The decor is kinda cheap-looking and it's set up like a cafeteria. But really good, reasonably priced food.  Just sharing off a plate and enjoyed the tender tastiness of the turkey wings, yellow rice and maduros. Unfortunately, they were out of rotisserie chicken on this visit, but I will come back to try it and maybe their collard greens. Prices are reasonable and portions are huge. You can easily share\\/ have leftovers for another meal. The ladies working here are friendly and quick to fix your order. Too bad this place is a ways out from where we live.  Everything looks delicious and my husband, being the foodie that he is, ordered majority of the meats to try. Everything is yummy!! \r\n\r\nWe pass this shopping area all the time. Originally we wanted to try the spot next door but passing by the windows, we saw the steam table and decided to give it a try. \r\n\r\nThe employees are very polite and patience as we were trying to decide what we wanted. Restrooms are pretty clean with a changing station. Something that small restaurant like these do not often have. \r\n\r\nWe will definitely stop by again!  The Philly cheese steak is good but 9 out of the 10 times I've been there they can't seem to make my sandwich right so no more for me.  The food was absolutely delicious! I had goat stew with arroz con gandules (rice and beans). I didn't really like my Mac n cheese as a side but I'm pretty picky about my Mac n cheese. The passion fruit juice was the absolute best. I had 2 cups and wanted more. My husband had curry chicken, arroz con gandules and broccoli. I thought the food prices were reasonable ($10.99 for the goat meal and $7.99 for the curry chicken). The passion fruit juice was a little pricey at $2.25 each but there are free refills and it was worth every penny. The food is served from a buffet so it wasn't piping hot, but not did it taste like it had been sitting there all day. There was a nice variety of food to choose from and we look forward to coming back in the future  This is cafeteria style comfort food. Large portions of food with good prices. However, since the food is sitting out on the line the quality takes a hit. My chicken was pretty dry! The sides I had- rice and mac and cheese were not excellent but they were not bad either. I just drowned my entire plate in hot sauce and enjoyed my meal.  I would come back for days when its all about quantity and not necessarily quality.  If I could give a lower score I would not even trynna be funny my food and my grandmas food was disgusting I will not spend my money here ever again  Great food and wonderful atmosphere. In my few visits I've had the rotisserie chicken, the greens, cabbage, peach cobbler, sweet potato pie, goat stew and of course the rice and peas. All were excellent. The cobbler was ridiculous and the rotisserie chicken was crazy good! It is waaaaay outta the way for me, but always worth the drive. You will definitely need a take home box and the prices are more than reasonable.  Disappointment, never had a letdown as unexpected as this place. Their Food Cart in uptown is so good I figured the brick & mortar location has to be phenomenal, man I was wrong.\r\n\r\nWalk in at 11:30 1\\/2 an hour into lunch service and tell the girls I\'d like the chicken\\/lamb combo over rice, they said it wasn\'t ready and I\'d have to wait 10 minutes. I thought, sure no problem, I really wanted the combo and I needed to stop by the Asian Supermarket across the street real quick anyway so left and came back 15 minutes later.\r\n\r\n11:45 "Still not ready, just take a seat and we\'ll be with you soon." At this point I\'m still the only one in the restaurant minus the two girls behind the counter. I\'ve already invested 15 minutes, what\'s a couple more? \r\n\r\n12:00 I\'m asking how long because I\'ve got to be in Monroe very soon. They had served 3 other customers ahead of me because they were ordering rotisserie or jerk chicken, they told me to come up and choose my rice. They then gave me my drink and said the meat would be ready in just a second. I also decided on a side of plantains for $1.99 since I had been staring at them for while now. They rang me up and I sat back down. \r\n\r\n12:10 finally walking out the door... I feel like they only had me come up and choose my rice and pay so that I wouldn\'t leave. I wish I had. But I received the food so finally, time to see if it was worth the wait.\r\n\r\nMeat was good, a little dry, not as moist as the cart in Uptown. Lettuce and Tomato were fresh, tomatoes were great. The rice was notably bland, I don\'t understand how the rice at the cart has a mellow, complex spice and aroma to it and at the restaurant it literally has nothing to offer. The plantains were simply burnt, not blackened with spices, burnt. Trust me, I know plantains.\r\n\r\nIt was also more expensive than Uptown. It \'appears\' that you\'re getting more food than the cart but it\'s just more bland rice and less meat. Not a great trade off.\r\n\r\nService was nothing to speak of. No apology for the wait, and no interaction at all the entire time I waited, even though for most of the time I was the only patron at the place. They have zero customer service awareness.\r\n\r\nTake my advice, go to the cart at Trade and Tryon. They can handle 5 times the amount of customers in a third of the time with better food. Chris and his team up there are just so much better, if the food wasn\'t great and his team so friendly, this visit would probably be the end. 2 Stars because apparently the food is the same, but what a bummer today\'s visit was...  Cool spot, not big, the AC was not working apparently as it was a little warm in there, but the food was good. The service was not too bad either, but this is a place you visit for the good food. I had the rotisserie chicken which was very good, and the mixed rice (moro de gandules), and I definitely enjoyed it. They lost abstar because my tamarind juice was bottled and not all natural, and also because my wife asked for salami and got fried ham instead. What was that about? We may be back as the food was good.  Food is fantastic. Authentic Spanish food. Prices are extremely reasonable and portions are huge.  A Latin halal restaurant?! My wishes have been answered! We were so excited to try our Mi Barrio. They were on the other side of Charlotte (about 25 min from the airport) but it was definitely worth it. They have a variety of halal Dominican and Caribbean dishes. Everything was so delicious. Prices were great and the young lady that took our order was very nice and helpful. There is lots of seating as well. The only item that isn't halal is the turkey leg. My friend that ate with us is vegan and there were lots of sides\\/options for her to choose from. If we are visiting Charlotte again we will definitely be eating here.  This place is awesome. I'm always in the look out for hole in the wall ethnic eats and this place does not disappoint. It's located in a somewhat sketchy shopping complex and out of the way for me but worth the drive when I'm craving something authentic. It's clean, staff is friendly, and prices are great. My favorite Dominican spot! I love the ox tail and beef stew! \r\n\r\nP.S. Everthing tastes great but their sweet plantains need work! They are too hard! Sweet plaintains are supposed to melt in your mouth!  OMG! Being from NY finding good Dominican food is super hard here. This place has delicious food!! The Chicharr\xc3\xb3n de Pollo are well seasoned and the chicken is super tender, I got the tostones which were a bit soggy because of the steam from the to go container. I also got a small portion of fried cheese which was a generous portion and just perfection. The staff was friendly and even gave me a taste of some bread pudding, which was very delicious. I will be back!!!  This place was great.  Definitely going back. The food was amazing,  and the owners were attentive and friendly.  I've been looking for a new place to eat in Concord and happened to drive past this gem. The food here is delicious! The people are friendly and the prices are reasonable as well. I played it safe and got the rotisserie chicken (still amazing), but I'll definitely be back to try more.  Love it, love it, love it!  Forget those "other" over-priced chicken chains!  Come check out Pilon for amazing food and wonderful service.  We came here because of other great yelp reviews and we were not disappointed!  If you walk in a little clue-less like us as to what to order the staff is super friendly and helpful.  They are very proud of the food they prepare and they should be!  I eat A LOT of chicken and this was top notch! The chicken was super juicy and flavorful.  Really nicely seasoned.  We had the mixed veggies and fried plantains as our sides, really yummy!  And they give you a large portion of food for not a lot of $.  Also the dining area is decorated super cute with lots of bright colors. This is now on our list of regular spots we visit for great food.  I highly recommend you check it out.  They will take care of you and you will leave with a happy tummy!  Great Dominican food. Reminds me of the Dominican spots in New York! Your going to leave full!  Great Dominican food!!! Came here yesterday for the first time. I had the Chicharron De Pollo and the Oxtails. The food was absolutely delicious. The Red beans and rice was excellent. The Sancocho soup; unforgettable, the taste was like back home in NY on Amsterdam Ave. Also tried the Pastelitos w\\/ (Chicken and Beef). Freshly prepared and made to order. A must go to establishment. You will not be disappointed at all. Prices are reasonable.  The pork Mofongo with pork was seasoned wonderfully with the perfect amount of salt. Three stars only because my palate craved more diversity of flavors and textures. A lettuce bed, crushed chips, avocado & tomato would do wonders in my opinion.  I also like spicy.\r\nThe atmosphere was welcoming, quaint and cool. The owners take pride in their business and it shows in their personal attention to the customer. \r\nStill curious about their others options.  Great food, location was a bit sketchy (parking lot could use some cleaning).  Generous portions but a limited offering with stewed chicken, beef, and roasted chicken.  I had the stewed chicken over rice with red beans which was very tasty, great home cooking Dominican style. The only veggie offering was what appeared to be frozen mixed vegetables, not a side that really went with the Dominican theme.  Plan on spending about 10 bucks a plate without drink.  Hallelujah! What a relief to find some good Latin food in NC! So far I\'ve only seen Mexican restaurants which aren\'t bad, but variety is everything! \r\n\r\n Aside from the few positive reviews I had a good feeling about this place the moment we walked in, although it was a bit warm I\'m hoping they were having temporary air conditioning issues. They were very friendly and even allowed us to sample some of their food. The food looks spectacular and taste even better! Their portions are very generous as most Latin places are and the prices are very reasonable. \r\n\r\nI ordered the "CARNE DE RES GUISADO"\r\n(Stewed beef with white rice and red beans and plantains) it was Delicious!!\r\n\r\nShe ordered the Chicken Gizzards with rice and beard and she loved it! The food was fresh and authentic! I will definitely return! \r\n\r\nPS try the Dominican soda, you won\'t regret it.  Today they had a traditional Puerto Rican meal as their special. The roast pork, rice w\\/pigeon peas, and yuca w\\/onions took us back to the island. You definitely need to check this place out!  Authentic Dominican food at its finest! This is actually my second time eating from here and it definitely won't be my last. So far I've had the pernil (roast pork) and today I had the pollo frito (fried chicken). Their rice and peas are perfectly made and they have all traditional Dominican dishes with daily specials available. Let me add that the customer service is superb! They are patient, knowledgeable, their service is fast and with a smile. Pricewise its also great. I'm glad that I found this restaurant. Check them out...it's totally worth it.  Decided to take the scenic back roads from Mint Hill to this place. I am not familiar with this area at all but Pil\xc3\xb3n is worth the drive to this side of town. \r\n\r\nYou might miss it if you are not paying attention. In the lot next to Dollar General. \r\n\r\nUpon entering, you get the Dominican vibe- delicious flirtatious aromas of rotisserie chicken, rice, and beans, a pop of Caribbean colors, wood benches and tables, a large flat screen playing latin videos, and blown up sized photos of mouth watering Dominican dishes. \r\n\r\nA cozy mom and pop joint that can accommodate small to large groups. A menu that is extensive enough to serve favorite well known dishes that are hard to find like Mofongo. Prices that make your wallet sing its gratitude. Owners are engaging and eager to serve their customers.\r\n\r\nGet in line and place your order to dine-in or to go. Only two people handling the serving and cooking so expect to wait just a little bit to be served. \r\n\r\nWe had the yellow rice, red beans, rotisserie chicken, beef pastelitos, and sweet plantains. A pepsi fountain drink and bottle of a Dominican cream soda. Everything was delicious. Took a large order home for late dinner. \r\n\r\nMy kids will be begging to go here every weekend now...and despite being keto, I will cave in every time. There goes my 2018 summer body goals. \r\n\r\nA great new addition to NC's growing latin restaurant scene.  Mofongo Mondays! Awesome authentic plantain dish cooked to perfection and the special on Mondays. Goes great with the fried chicken and a Dominican soda. \r\nStaff was super friendly and helpful, they even brought out samples of other dishes for me to try. The beef stew was delicious. Can't wait to try it with black beans and rice. Looking forward to my next visit.  Very welcoming environment. Employers were very friendly. They even let me try some samples before actually deciding. This is a true authentic Dominican styled restaurant. Don't let the outside fool you. Inside is clean and modern with pop of colors! Must try! Will be coming back.  Seriously LOVED this place! Everyone who works here is so nice and they make you feel at home. The great service is matched by it's amazing food. We will definitely be coming back here.  Check this place out. Not a whole lot of variety around the area but this was a really nice find. The place looks nice inside, very clean and a modern look. The food prices are very reasonable. Most of the choices are under $10. The chicken stew is really good. If you want to try one of the items before you buy, they'll give you a sample as well. They're really nice and friendly there.  Productos latinoamericanos.\r\nDe Argentina compr\xc3\xa9: Yerba mate, tapas de empanadas, alfajores, savora, celusal, para las fiestas tenian pan dulce y m\xc3\xa1s.\r\nMuestran los partidos de f\xc3\xbatbol  y organizan diferentes eventos (juegos de cartas, reuniones).\r\nLos precios (de ciertos productos argentinos al menos) no son muy competitivos, he encontrado mejores precios en otros lugares.  De Mi Tierra Restaurant is a small not too fancy but comfortable casual restaurant that serves Latin Food. This restaurant is located in an older small strip mall. The menu showcases dishes from Ecuador, Peru, Puerto Ricco and The Dominican Republic. Latin Posters are on the walls and Latin Food TV was playing.\r\n\r\nWe started by sharing a Chicken Empanada. The Empanada was large and was stuffed with very tender and VERY FLAVORFUL moist delicious chicken. The pastry was slightly greasy but had this really nice bubbly crisp crust. This is a must get dish and is a really nice bargain for only (at the time of this review) $3.50.\r\n\r\nI tried the Pollo Guisado. From what I read this is the staple of meat dishes from the Dominican Republic. It was carefully stewed mostly chicken legs. I do note I never had this dish before so I don't know how it compares to others but I can tell you the chicken was prepared to perfection and the flavors were very balanced. I had yellow rice studded with pigeon peas with my meal. They gave me a very large portion and the rice was flavorful.\r\n\r\nMy husband tried the Chicharron De Pollo or what you would call Fried Chicken. The chicken was moist with a nice natural chicken flavor. The skin had a minimal coating with crispy skin. This was a Dominican Republic Style Fried Chicken but to me it just seemed like good fried chicken from anywhere. My husband picked the white rice with red bean stew for his side. The beans were like a bean soup and they gave a very large portion of white rice.\r\n\r\nService was efficient.\r\n\r\nPrices are low portions are large.\r\n\r\nInteresting little stop that gives you the feeling you traveled to South America.  Food was good, on the salty side, but flavors were ok.\r\nOrdered a Bolon de verde con Chicharrones, caldo de Patas and Encocado de Pescado.\r\nBest of all was the bolon! So yummy! I amost felt like i was in La playa, and only was missing a cup of coffee or a Pilsener! \r\nRecomendend to not only Ecuadorians, but anyone that want to try something different and Rico!  Great place. The food is delicious and the two guys that run it do a great job!\r\nI've been there twice now and I intend to continue going there.  Sadly i was horrified at this restaurant. I feel this to be one of the worse representations of peruvian food. All the fried food tasted the same. The picada was not like the picture. The lomo tasted bad and fries were still frozen in the middle, the incakola was served plain with no gas . Perhaps served from a two litter soda bottle. Just a total no no. Very sad to have to write this review. Only thing was half decent was the ecuadorian bolon.  Incredible food! This is one of the hidden places in Phoenix. Their menu changes every week and provides the customers with delicious options! A must stop  My husband and I decided to try it out and we went find out that theirs no location for it.. we drove around in a circle to see if it was hidden and their was nothing.. very disappointed \r\nI wish I can rate a 0 star  We drove out to try De Mi Tierra on a Saturday and arrived a few minutes after 7pm. Their website and their door both say they're open until 9pm on saturdays, but the doors were chained up. Really disappointing, as we drove 40 minutes from the west valley just to try it. Make sure to call to check to find out if they're open!  Great place!\r\nI came here as my wife is a fan of Peruvian food. Food is very flavorful. Portions are huge. I disagree with one of the reviewers saying that the empanadas were a MUST here. They're OK. Nothing worth writing to your Parole Officer for.\r\n\r\nMy only knock on them is that they never offered to refill our drinks. It's a minor knock since we really didn't want more, but it's always nice to get that little extra effort from the wait staff. \r\n\r\nWe will be back.  I really, really wish I could give this place a good review but I would just be lying. The service here is great and the people that run the business are kind but the food is just not there. I'm Colombian and Cuban and I grew up in an area where you can find all types of Latin American food. I ordered a Mofongo with Chicken and a Churrasco steak??? Churrasco is supposed to be a grilled skirt steak usually served with a chimichurri sauce..this is standard amongst all preparations whether Cuban or Argentinian. Not sure what cut of steak was served to us but it was not Churrasco and it tasted of straight soy sauce. The Mofongo was OK it could use a little more Mojo sauce and the chicken that came with it was the best part of my meal. Hope they change up their recipes because that's the only way I'm trying them again.  Empanadas are great - go for the beef, it will not disappoint! Pernil entree was awesome (get a side - or two - of the spicy sauce). If you're craving a little sweet, try the deep fried plantain appetizer. So good! Hidden gem!!  I love the food they make really good great service. Many different product from Latin America  Opened up several weeks ago in my neighborhood in a little strip mall.  So far ever restaurant that opened there has died.  Hoping this one makes it.\r\n\r\nThe restaurant is small, clean and basic. Nothing fancy.  Reminds me of family owned restaurants I visited in South America.  This one specializes in foods of Ecuador, Peru, Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic.\r\n\r\nThe restaurant didn't have any English menus yet, but since I recognized most of the dishes I didn't have a problem.  The wait staff was very polite and eager to describe every dish.\r\n\r\nI tried the Carne Guisado which is beef stew.  This version didn't have any vegetable, only chunks of beef.  The stew was very savory and came with rice, beans and some greens.  It was nice and filling.\r\n \r\nI'll be going again in a few days and reporting back.  Usually I like to try several dishes before I form an opinion, but so far everything looks good.\r\n\r\n****  7\\/10\\/16 ****\r\nTried the Arroz con Camaron which was delicious.  It was a large plate of deliciously flavored rice with about 9-10 small de-veined, de-shelled shrimps mixed in the rice.  On the top of the rice was a head-on, shell-on larger shrimp completing the picture.  I wish there was less rice so the shrimp to rice ratio was better.  The dish was extremely filling. \r\n\r\nMaybe smaller plates would be nice for smaller eaters.  There's a senior center across the street from the restaurant.  Most senior citizen don't eat very much.  I would think they would appreciate smaller plates along with lower prices.\r\n\r\nThey also got an English menu now.  Looks like they increased the prices on certain things since I examined the Spanish menu.  I love Spanish food especially from DR and PR so I purchased a Groupon deal.  I ordered steak with onions and it was very bland and tough and needed seasoning.  I asked for sweet plantains and received plain.  Two of the staff greeted me but the redheaded lady at the bar wasn't friendly.  I was really hoping for a better experience.  Very good food, the best dominican food in town I'll say. The workers are very friendly. I love how they also sell tacos makes the place very diverse. Over all i reccommend this Dominican restraunt. Its the best !!  Only Dominican resturaunt I could find in Charlotte. Got food to go and it was okay just a little more seasoning needed, and it took a very long time to receive food.  Very welcoming, service was top notch and the food was outstanding. Even the presentation of the dishes were beautiful. There were two of us and we both enjoyed the dining experience here. Our dishes were bursting with flavor. Kenny and Jose were the cherries on top. Will definitely be back.  Last time that i ordered food from this place it was not good.  The empanadas were fried in a old oil and the filling taste bland not like a latin food seasoning.  That makes the empanadas to taste horrible.  The lunch special was ok, with plenty of rice but with only three pieces of beef stew.  I would never go back  We come here when we order a Groupon. I usually get the Paella, which is really really good.... what is expensive the small hookah with one coal for $20. The servers are usually nice but don't understand a lot of English.  The cabbage was tasty. The greens were canned, so if you're seeking to reconnect with your grandma's greens, you may want to skip these. Overall, I found my stew chicken plate a little salty, so hypertension patients beware.  Walked in during lunch hour rush on Thursday and my order was quickly taken. I had curry chicken with cabbage and rice. Also got beef patties to go.  Everything was delicious. The man who took my order was very quick!!! \r\nSecond time here. Came in Friday. The lunch specials are not on Friday. A lady took my order along with 3 other people. She was sooooooo slow 2 customers who came in after us left without placing an order.  I don't know why she would put the rice in the container close it then put the cabbage close it up then put the curry chicken close it up then ring me up and take my money and go to the next customer. She saw the 4 of us come in together to make it quicker. She should have gotten out 4 to go boxed and layed then open and put the food in all at one time the ring it up at the register last or ring up everyone first and then go make everyone food. I literally spent my 1 hour lunch in line there with her making 4 plates. She was young and seems intimated I'm not sure why because we were all nice to here. I wish she had gone Jb the back to ask for help. \r\nNext time call in your lunch order to save time. \r\nFood is good!!!!! 5 stars.  I am a lover of jamaican food. Well, I love everything Jamaican, I can\'t help it. So I found my way to this lovely spot in the Kohl\'s plaza tucked away nicely in the far corner ( Please get some signage out front!). \r\n\r\nThe interior was nice and clean, it was very "new" looking but only had a score of 95....hmm. In all actuality, the food was THEE best tasting Jamaican food in Charlotte as far as I\'m concerned.  But when I tell you...these restauranteurs need to take a lesson on plating portions. I am sorry, I can\'t pay $9.00 for your offerings.  One can get much more food in a value meal...Howard\'s pictures are exactly what you are going to get.  You see the plate with the Oxtail on it?  Well, you are gonna pay close to $12.00 for that. Rice, cheap! Cabbage, cheap! Plantains, cheap! Just doesn\'t seem right...\r\n\r\nMost would say Jamaican dishes require more seasoning and preparation than other ethnic foods.  Well, so does Indian... and for $12.00 I can eat all that want at ANY Indian buffet. Don\'t be afraid to feed the people.  Do that and they will come back. There is another restaurant I have yelp\'d in the past that has this down to science and on any given day I can sit there for an hour and watch 20-30 people come in and out... (((Do you hear me?))) 20-30!!! I may return in the future but certainly this will not be a  go-to spot on my list. Until then, I will take my monies elswhere.  Don't believe the hype Tropical Goodies on Beatties Ford is wayyyyyyyy better. I got brown stewed chicken which was dry with macaroni n cheese that tasted like just noodles with no cheese. My friend got oxtail that weren't that good either and a jamaican patty with hardly any meat in it. We won't be back  All I wanted was a beef patty and coco bread. Beef patty a bit over cooked and coco bread wasn't soft .. first and last visit.  Had a yummy (and filling!) lunch here with a friend recently.\r\n\r\nI admit that I\'m not the biggest fan of Jamaican food so I got my staple, jerk chicken ( yes I\'m a wuss when it comes to trying new things) with rice and beans, and plantain.\r\n\r\nMy friend had curried chicken, plantain, and cabbage. \r\n\r\nGenerous portions and everything was good. A little spicy but it\'s what I expected. The only thing that was "off" was the bread. It didn\'t taste like the coco bread I\'m used to eating at the Jamaican places I\'ve gone to back home.\r\n\r\nNo big deal. Everything else was great.\r\n\r\nIf I\'m in the area again with a taste for Jamaican food, I\'ll definitely eat here.  The jerk chicken patty was one of the best I've had here. I wanted to turn around and get another one! The cabbage, was the worst I've had ever. It smelled and had a weird taste. I ended up tossing it (wasted $3.25). The establishment itself was quiet and clean. The employee that assisted me was pleasant. I just really hate that the cabbage was such a disappointment, especially because of the price and my specific desire for Caribbean cabbage.  Very disappointed! This was my first time trying them out. The service was subpar and the food was bland. I got the curry chicken which lacked flavor, the rice was undercooked(crunchy), and the collard greens were flavorless. My friend got the Jerk chicken and her food mirrored my disappointment and description. Lastly, the portions are way too small for the price. I really doubt that I'll ever return.  Meh! The food is real bland!!!!! Cabbage taste like they saut\xc3\xa9ed a cabbage with no seasoning not even salt. The rice a peas are dry. On the upside the place is very clean and pretty empty so you can get your food quick. Best thing on menu are the patties that are not made in house.  I tried this restaurant yesterday because I was carving some Jamaican Food so I heard this spot was pretty good and it actually was Kiara did a good job in helping me I'm very happy and definitely will return.  Omg can you say D-lish this is the best caribbean food I have had in charlotte and I'm born & raised here so I no the city well! I love caribbean food and I've been to a couple caribbean spots and none like this place the food is excellent the resturant is clean, neat and the service is great there not lacking a thing! My search is over I pledge to not eat at another caribbean restaurant again! I highly recommend any and everyone to the pleasurable experience.  I came to Charlotte looking for Caribbean food before my flight and what a DELIGHT!!!! The food was awesome and the service was great. If you are looking for good OXTAILS... This is your place.  I went to this Jamaican restaurant because I love Oxtails.  The flavor was very tasty but I paid $14 for a plate of fat!!  There was barley any meat at all.  If you go there to eat Oxtails make sure they are meaty!!  Didn\'t like my particular meal! I had the Jerk Chicken with Rice\\/Beans & Cabbage. I have had better Jerk Chicken @ the Caribbean Hut. To me it just doesn\'t seem as if the chicken was seasoned well, it seemed kind of bland. I had to put some salt\\/pepper & hot sauce on it just to make it somewhat better. Also the young lady that was helping us seems to have had a real bad attitude. Upon arrival we stated that it was our first time there and she wasn\'t welcoming @ all. Instead of her recommending some things she just pretty much hurried us along. My fiance asked for a sample of the curry sauce.....just a small sample (teaspoon if that much) well she said "NO" she couldn\'t do it. If her attitude had not been so bad I would\'ve considered coming back to try something else but I highly doubt I will go back.  Normally this place is good. But today the food was horrible. The curry chicken was old. I think it was left overs. The gravey for the chicken was old and lumpy. The white rice was so hard it felt like I was chewing rocks. The  cabbage was also old I had to ask if they had a batch that was fresh. She gave me more cabbage but it was not fresh. It appeared that the food was left overs from Sunday. If I go back it will be about 6+ months. The only good thing was the sanitation score was 97.  It has been a while since I have found good Jamaican food in Charlotte! We went on a Sunday and the food and atmosphere were awesome. I had a very generous portion of Jerk Chicken, rice and peas and collard greens. I wanted more! The food was fresh and just the right amount of spice. I will be going back.  I found this spot because it was on reaturants.com and I would be able to use my certificate to get 10 bucks off. I was excited because Charlotte doesnt really have alot of authentic food spots hence diversity and food is low. I saw some reviews on FB and my and a friend went to try. The staff is nice and will recommend and explain the menu. I got the #20...i think. Grill chicken and i got a half side of plaintains and yuca. My friend got the #17 which was fried chicken. My chi ken was well seasoned and the presentation was great. We also tried the passion fruit juice which was great.  My husband and I frequent this place. We love the rice and beans. I was so upset when I thought they were closed but it was due to the transition of new management. The new owner kept most of the same  menu items and is very consistent. My favs are the grilled chicken with green peppers and onions, plantains, yuca and empanadas!!!! All seasoned and cooked to perfection!!!!!  Giving two stars is about the best compliment I can give this place. Walking in it was awkwardly quiet and empty (later on I could figure out why) but the space looked promising as it was large and had pool tables. The menu lacked some of the best tasting and most popular Dominican staples I expected to see. The food I did get was below average at best. The waitress who helped me was friendly and nice, but the owner shocked me with his lack of customer service. After asking the waitress to speak with the owner if he was available she came back and said the owner didn't want to speak to me. Not five minutes later he walks by me to turn down the volume to the TV and ignores my presence as I offer a greeting. I had to wonder if I had ever met him before and had upset him in some way! \r\n\r\nThis was a terrible disappointment and I would recommend that no one tries this place looking for Dominican food. It would leave an impression that is unfair to the Dominican culture, and I am Dominican.  The food was delicious and yes they are open.  Please update the status. We ordered roasted chicken, salmon, rice and beans and yellow Rice.  It was 2 plates enough for 4 people.  Prices are extremely reasonable.  It's one of the ugliest restaurants I have ever walked into during my lifetime. As soon as we walked in we had to start guessing on whether the place was open or they were renovating an ugly, rundown house.\r\n\r\nThe customer service was amazing! Our waitress, Norma, was outstanding! She made our wait time a breeze.\r\n\r\nWe had to wait a long time for our food (about 45mnts), but it wasn't bad to have to wait; the food was really good and fresh!\r\n\r\nWe ordered Chimichurris and empanadas (chimichurris are dominican burgers, and empanadas are meat, vegetables or cheese patties), and everything was really good; we enjoyed all of our food.  I don't normally write reviews but this place was horrible. Dirty, poor service, 1\\/2 the menu was not available.  I've been here twice and must say that their rice and beans remind me of a New York style Dominican restaurant.  This is a very good thing if you're originally from NY and have been looking for good Dominican food.\r\n\r\nService is ok, but let's all be real in why we go to Dominican restaurants; rice, beans, pollo guisado, Rabo guisado, and the like. I read a review where someone's feelings were hurt (a Dominican client) but they don't really explain how their poor review ties into how the food taste.  My 4 star review is bumped to 5 to help offset their bias.  Saona's strength is their beans - they're awesome.  I wasn't happy with the breaded version of their chicharr\xc3\xb3n de pollo but maybe their boned version is not breaded and just seasoned which I prefer.  Everything else I had (Rabo\\/pollo guisado) was really good too.  Server was friendly both times.  Omg! This is my husband's & I second visit and their food is just amazing! It was worth the wait given today is Mother's Day!\r\n\r\nThis trip I ordered the 1\\/2 Chicken with White Rice, Beans and Plantains - my belly was in heavy! And, I have enough for leftovers! My husband ordered Grilled Chicken, White Rice, Beans and Plantains!\r\n\r\nHighly recommend this Dominican Restuarant, you won't be disappointed!!  I really enjoyed my lunch at Saona. I had been to a Dominican restaurant elsewhere in Charlotte and would say that Saona was a lot better. While I was waiting for my friend to arrive, I order some beef empanadas, which were a really nice starter and pretty cheap. For my entree, I ordered some fajitas...very savory and delicious! My friends ended up sharing some plantains and yuca fries. The plantains were so juicy and tasty that we ended up ordering a second batch. Our waitress, who was very friendly, suggested we try yuca fries and she was so right about them. They came with a nice garlic dipping sauce, which tasted excellent with or without the sauce. Writing this review definitely has me craving some more! I would come back again.  This place is a damn joke! Worse servers. They have nothing from the menu. Food is ok. Better off going somewhere else! \r\n\r\nEste sitio es un relajo! Mejor voy a Taco Bell!  Complete trash! The food was horrible-the freakin Mofongo was so wet and gross. This place is super dated and looks like shit especially from the exterior; it looked closed. The restrooms were dirty. We were literally the only people there on a Thursday night at 7. The fish with coco was freakin tilapia like wtf is that? The chicken was oily and full of bones. The white rice was the only thing edible. Punta Cana is hands down the local best Dominican spot. I dont how this place has a 4.4 rating on Google!  One word... HORRIBLE!!!! First the place is not attractive at all. But, we have been to places like this before and they have turned out to be a gem, so we decided to give it a try anyway. We are seated and proceed to ask for appetizers. Nothing we would ask for they had. Finally, the waitress suggests something they had and was not even on the menu. After we order, two out of the four entrees were wrong. We had to then wait for them to bring them out a second time. After we got out entrees we never saw our waitress again. We finished eating and waited and waited... And waited some more for someone to even acknowledge our presence.  When we were finally fed up with waiting we waved at one of the other waitresses who took her sweet time to come. We then asked her where our waitress was and explained no one has been bye to even see if we needed anything. She then just brought our boxes for left overs and left again without an explanation. After another 45min of wait for someone else we got fed up and went to the bar area where we asked once again where our waitress was and if anyone was even planning on bringing is the check. We then got the lame excuse that our waitress had an emergency and had to leave and that we should have just asked someone else for the check. I am sorry! That is not the response customers deserve after waiting for more than an hour and getting half of their food order wrong the first time. No customer service what so ever at this place and food is not even that great. In my opinion: don't waist your time or money at this rat hole.  Great food. Terrible service. Probably the worst I've ever had. Please train your staff correctly!  The actual building needs major remodeling. It's a true hole in the wall, but if you can get past the looks you will not regret it. \r\n\r\nWe have never had any issues with the service, they've all been welcoming. The food is delicious and although we have closer places near our house, we prefer the hour drive just because of how good the food is. The prices are good and you get a lot of food for it.\r\n\r\nWe will continue to be loyal customers.  Been here twice. The first time, I went during the day. The food was gross, the furniture is old, most of the tables were wobbly, and some of the chairs were torn. Naively I went there a second time, this time it was at night. At night time Saona turns into a bar, the bartenders were horrible, you had to shout or wave in order to get their attention and they seemed to be more interested in talking to each other then actually serving their customers. That night a horrible brawl erupted. Instead of the security guard helping and breaking it up he stood in a corner watching while the bartenders laughed. Other customers had to step in and break up the fight while the Saona employees did nothing. The least the employees could've done is call the police.  I stopped here today because I was craving tacos & I always drive pass & see the sign for taco Tuesday where tacos are $1.  I walked in & the place was empty except for a girl in the back eating, a man at the bar, & 2 girls sitting at a table. First off, the place is atrocious. Ugly old furniture, old ugly paint job, & tables that were busted up. What a dump! The one girl behind the counter walked over to the table with the two girls & explained that whatever they ordered was not ready. She gave them the menu & talked to them for about 2 minutes. She then walked back behind the bar, out of their sight, threw down the menu & started cursing in spanish. That was a major red flag for me. She then walks over to me & asks what I want. \r\n\r\nShe explained that the tacos only came with onion, chicken or beef & cilantro. I asked her if they have the green salsa which is as important to me as the meat & the filling. She said yes they have the green sauce. I also asked if it came with lime & she said no but she would give me lime. Okay so I\'m hungry & I don\'t feel like shopping for tacos so I ordered.\r\n\r\nLong story short they did not have the green sauce. That was not the kicker though. One of the girls at the table brought over the glass she was drinking out of & showed them the dirty cup. The waitress gets her & the friend plastic cups with water. The waitresses demeanor was so awful,  the girl said "you don\'t look happy to be here". The waitress now accompanied by the other waitress that was in the back eating said "what?" The girl then said "you don\'t look too happy to have us here". The waitress made a hideous face & rolled her eyes. At this point I had seen enough. I grabbed my tacos & walked out never to return again. \r\n\r\nThe tacos\r\nThe chicken was dry. They actually did already come with lime but apparently Ms. Atitude did not know that as she gave me about a whole lime in addition to what was in the bag. Too  bad the limes were all old & had not one drop of juice in them. The beef tasted as if it were a part of another dish but they used it in the tacos. It tasted like stewed beef which I did not like. It was also greasy like it had been sitting in whatever juice they cooked it in. \r\n\r\nWelp yelp I can cross this one off the list at least. With all these great taco places in the area I\'d never go back. I\'d rather go to the taco truck in front of compare foods & pay a little bit more for good service & fresh food.  My first time here and I was totally disappointed. The drinks were tasteless. The food bland with no flavor or taste. The grilled steak....unchewable . Service was horrendous and took forever. It wasn't worth the money. We ordered two drinks but one was served and it took another 10-\\/+ to get the other. After working many years in high end restaurants I know it's only polite to serve all parties at the same time. They will be out of business sooner rather than later. The only good thing that I can say about this place is that I loved the music.  Perfect food! Breakfast, lunch, & dinner. I enjoyed the ox tail stew with red beans, white rice, and a salad. They have a variety of juices and most of the meals are beef and pork featuring some seafood such as crawfish and codfish. Definitely worth trying- especially if you've never had Dominican food!  If you are looking for authentic caribean food with that home made taste, then this the place to be. With a varied menu for every day of the week, and featuring those antojitos dominicanos that will transport you back home. The best sancocho and rice and beans and roasted pork. Yum thanks God the fog\xc3\xb3n finally brought decent eating to Gastonia.  Really bad food too greasy and apart I got a hair on the napkin wrapping the spoons and some of the food was frozen terrible experience  I agree with all the many other negative reviews, I was astounded at their high prices, unless they are family meals for four, their pricing is absurd. My wife is NewRican and she was dumb founded by their menu, half the menu was unavailable, we ended up telling them fry us pork chops, side of rice and one more item. We left absolutely dazed and confused. We've eaten at many Dominican\\/Puerto Rican places in New York, Chicago, Charlotte and this is the worst organization. It's almost like going to your Mom's house to eat and there's nothing in the fridge! It's been maybe two years since we went and I think they are still in business!?!? We might peek in to see if it's better since the early days. But honestly I'd rather drive to Punta Cana in Charlotte where we know everything is wonderful: food, staff, prices.  Tonight my husband and I decided to go out for a date night. We walked in and sat down to be greeted by a young waitress. Let me mention we were the second table that had sat down for dinner. Everything was fine till we ordered our food. My husband ordered a soup which unfortunately they did not have available so he changed his order to a different soup and I had ordered the beef stew that the waitress said was very good. After receiving our appetizer about 20 minutes later we waited about an hour or so to no food what so ever. I went up to the waitress to let her know that the 5 tables that came in after us had been served and about to leave. We still did not have our food at that point. About 30 minutes later my husbands food arrived and not to mention when I asked the waitress where our food was an hour in she assured us it would only be about 5 minutes because they had to warm up his soup. His soup was the only thing to arrive at the table. I had to wait about 10 minutes later till my beef stew came out. I will say that my meal was not worth an hour and 45 min wait. The meat was extremely dry and the sides of rice and beans were definitely precooked. Soon after I asked the waitress to bring me a box and then the owner finally came over. I told her what had happened and she let me know that our ticket went to the back of the line. Why? She said that she didn\'t know. I mentioned to her that this was unacceptable.  She had no interest in what I had to say because we received no apology. I also mentioned to her that the natts flying around are definitely bothersome and very annoying. Once she brought our check we still received no apology and just a reply of "I went down the street to some up scale restaurant and they had bugs too." Okay? So what was I supposed to say to her? As if that wasn\'t a problem. That\'s probably why their health rating was only 91.5! I will never return to this establishment again. This was the worst experience we have ever had!  Okay so I'm going to go into the loss of two stars. First of all , they were super slow. I was expecting maybe to take 45 minutes to get in and out. I was on my lunch break and it took my entire lunch break plus 30 minutes. That  is an hour and a half total. Way to long for lunch. \r\n I also found a hair in my food and it was not my hair nor was it the person's I was with but I am a hairstylist so I picked it out and moved on. Not to say that you will do the same if you were to find a hair in your food but I was already hungry and running late so I did not say anything. There was no hairnet on the kitchen staff lady.  The rating from the health department wasn't great but I've eaten at worse.\r\n\r\nThat was really the only  things that I could say this negative but I know people love the negativity so I'll give it to you first.\r\n\r\n\r\nWhat I did like about this place is it the food was excellent Dominican food we shared a plate of pork meat and oxtails the ark oxtails were fantastic you can really tell that these people know how to do it right in the kitchen the flavor profile was absolutely amazing on both Meats that we ordered there was rice and something else that I don't even know why it was on there but it was amazing it was potato salad which I didn't know Dominicans were famous for potato salad but the holy Bombshells wherever they buy it or however they make it it's really good we ordered the rice with black beans and I think I got like what was left in the pot which is never good but there was some like good parts in it so I was kind of disappointed that they gave me the scraps but the part that I did get that wasn't what was stuck to a pan it was really good and did I mention the potato salad was amazing.  We went today to try out this new place.  We sat down at 1:00, and ordered off the daily menu small plates that run around $8.  This place has most plates around the $15 and up mark, which tells me this hole in the wall will price themselves out of existence.\r\n\r\nI ordered the Pernil and my wife a "steak with sauce" dish as the server said there were limited options on the menu.  We waited over 45 minutes for something that is usually prepared ahead of time and ready to serve.  Literally two other groups were sat, ordered, served, and left before we even had our food!  \r\n\r\nThey didn\'t have the usual side dishes to go with the meals ready yet (at 1:00?), so we asked for tostones instead.  I received my Pernil 10 minutes ahead of my wife, and it was cold along with the tostones.  Since it was now close to 2:00, I decided to just eat and get out of there.  My wife\'s food was just a milanesa thin cut steak with mojo, nothing like what was described by the server.\r\n\r\nWe asked for the check to leave, and after 15 minutes I decided to just hand over the credit card to get out the door.  The server came back, she charged us $14 a plate for the food when the menu clearly stated $8!!!  She disappeared into the back, I left in disgust, and will let my credit card company take care of the dispute.  Worst experience in a long time.  I was excited to learn that this place offers authentic Dominican food, but my first time visiting this place was nothing but disappointing. This place is hidden from the main street. The interior looks far more promising than the exterior. It appears to be run by only one cook and one waitress, and they play upbeat Spanish music during your dining experience.\r\n\r\nTo begin, there was clearly a language barrier with the waitress. It also appeared that she had none (or very little) prior experience as a waitress. I originally wanted to try the Sancocho, which includes a medley of plantain, carrots, yucca, corn, and beef. However, as soon as I requested it, the waitress immediately left our table without a word. She later returned with the chef, who explained that the Sancocho ($10.95) was out of stock. Well, isn't that just fantastic.... I really wanted that one. Then, I asked about the Mondongo (Tripe Stew, $10.95), and the waitress struggled to describe what was in it, but the impression I received from her was that it was plain and not spectacular. Fine, next option - I'll have the Sopa de pollo (Chicken Soup, $8.95). That was a satisfactory order for the waitress. I enjoyed the soup, which consisted of thin spaghetti noodles (Spanish noodles), potatoes, carrots, a small chicken drumstick, and a side of rice. There was great flavor, and it was perfect for the overcast, slightly chilly day.\r\n\r\nMy boyfriend had a similar issue with ordering food. He originally requested the Carne de cerdo guisada (Pork Meat Stew, $10.95). Waitress said there was no pork. Alright, so he will accept chicken instead of the pork. Somehow, this ended up becoming another order of Chicken SOUP (Sopa de pollo) instead of Chicken STEW (Pollo guisado, $10.95). My boyfriend immediately recognized that it was not what he ordered as soon as he received the bowl of soup. \r\n\r\nI will say though, their Empanadas (pastelitos, $1.50 for 2 pieces) are absolutely delicious! They are large, golden, and perfectly flaky. We had pork that was juicy, tender, and a good portion size for the empanada. Oh and the sauce that it comes with, the one that looks like Thousand Island dressing - WOW! I usually don't care much for empanadas, but I could eat these for days!\r\n\r\nThe rest of the service could use some work (in addition to the issues that came up during ordering). The waitress did not refill our water unless requested, and I had to request this twice, despite being one of only two groups to serve in the restaurant. She also didn't have the check ready at the end of our meal, or even realize that it was time for the check after removing our dishes from the table at the end of our meal. At one point, the cook came out herself to help us, and at another time, she had to shout to the waitress to help us. \r\n\r\nBottom line: Food is great, but don't assume your top picks are available. Just order the Empanadas and the Chicken Soup. Prices are on the high end, mostly $11-15 for main dishes. Service needs improvement.  El Fogon was delicious. The food was authentic and reasonably priced. The staff was friendly although a bit unorganized. You could tell this was a new operation by their level of service. We visited with a party of 6 and it took over two hours from start to finish to get through the experience. The big complaint is the length of time it took to order and receive our plates. Other than this it was a good meal and experience. Maybe we will just order ahead and do take out next time!  La comida es muy rica con un sabor exelente  un moro de primera y la habichuela  un sabor riquisima  rodos es exelente sabor  This is my favorite place to come to for lunch. It's flavorful, hot, and savory. The interior decoration is trendy, bright-colors, well-lit, and shiny clean. The owners are nice and sweet. I always order one of the lunch specials, which ranges $9-12 including tax and any extras. In my opinion, the Dominican flavors are a welcomed break from the typical heavy American lunches of burgers, pizza, fries, or even fast-food chains.  Cute place.   We had the sancocho and the chicharrones de pollo with tostones and both were well cooked and delicious.   Food took a while to come out, but it's usually the case as some dishes are cooked when ordered.  If you want something amazing to eat, COME HERE!!! My husband and I split a large Sancocio soup with sides of tostones and fried yucca, and we each had Morir So\xc3\xb1ando-Fresh orange juice with milk and a splash of vanilla...we couldn't finish all our delicious sides, and are full, and most importantly HAPPY!!  The Sancocio has pieces of chicken and pork, small pieces of corn on the cob, yucca, squash...and the broth is lovely! They are going to start serving breakfast too soon..can't wait to try Dominican breakfast! Oh by the way...the coffee is all from the DR too...I wish I had a midget with me to walk on my belly so I could make room to try it!  This is a new location very cozy and the Peruvian food was amazing! The menu has burgers, sandwiches, desserts and more! I definitely recommend the fried pork or the crackling Chicken Mofongo! You won't be disappointed  Yummy!  I love how every sauce is made from scratch and the quality of the food is great.  I've never had Dominic food before and now I'm very impressed!  I'm going back two days in a row, I'm hooked!\r\n\r\nPS I had to look up where Dominica is..south Caribbean...sounds lovely  We're excited to have a Dominican restaurant so close to home. Ordered the pig Cuban, tostone burger, sancocho, and yucca frita. Everything tasted delicious! The sancocho and yucca frita reminded me of my childhood. Service was great and staff was very friendly. Looking forward to trying some of the other dishes.  Delicious is a perfect name for this place! I had the braised chicken and it was tender and tasty. My wife had the chicken chipotle salad it was fresh with great flavor. I also have the chicken soup which was also tasty with large chunks of chicken carrots and celery. Husband and wife who owned and run this restaurant are not only friendly but informative. Check out some Dominican food you'll love it. Also make sure you try the empanadas you'll love them too.  Kat and the staff are so nice and very accommodating. if you're ever in Arizona go check out Flow hair studio! They will not disappoint.  Katherine has been doing my hair for over a 3 years and absolutely an amazing stylist. I am beyond picky with who I select to get my hair done by...I am from New York so I am use to having a good stylist and I know the difference between having a person who knows what they are doing and those that don\'t. I know when I am being pressured into a test object and when someone really knows how to treat my hair and not just what they want to do to my head. I know when someone will say "I understand you want to do this, but honestly as a stylist I cannot recommend this for your hair, you only doing damage" and those professionals are very hard to find. \r\n\r\nI have had those bad experiences of people testing on my head as if I am a lab rat...\r\n\r\nWell, look no longer because this young lady is amazing and you won\'t regret her taking care of you and doing a great job. \r\n\r\nShe takes her time, she\'s respectful, she\'s professional and very welcoming. It\'s hard to find a good blow- out spot in Arizona, especially when you are use to a great NY blow out. Well, AZ folks, she is here. She started at NYC Salon in Mesa and now taking her Talent to a new spot. Give her your support, you won\'t regret the experience of the hands\\/salon.\r\n\r\nHer hubby is also a Barber and in the salon as well. So if you have a hubby, child etc., one stop shop!\r\n\r\nYou want people that\'s loyal, that you can open up to, say things to that won\'t assume or take it personal. If you tell your stylist you don\'t want something done, it\'s not a pressure and they can say OK I won\'t do that! You want someone, that\'s professional at all time and that\'s open and honest with you, if you build professional relationship with...they can be open and honest at all times. You want someone that CARE your HAIR and not just style it or you becoming their test object or lab rat...YOU want a person that values your HAIR and CARE your HAIR!!!\r\n\r\nI highly recommend her at all cost and on ALL LEVELS!!!  Kat has been doing my hair for 3 years now! I love everything about her, from her bubbly personality to her professionalism. She's honest and open. I have never left her chair unhappy. She's my go to girl. Your hair in her best interest. Check her out! 